Criticizing the boss’s decisions is a sure way to poke the bear at work.
Jacob learned the hard way that a charming smile doesn’t guarantee a good heart—beauty is only skin-deep.
The instructor patiently explained the technique, ensuring that the knowledge would rub off on the students.
After a long week at work, I like to blow off steam by going for a run in the park.
It’s hard to tell the time without a clock, but I’ll take a shot in the dark and say it’s past midnight.
After hours of struggling with the complex math problem, Jane decided to throw in the towel.
I wanted to keep my job offer a secret, but my little brother overheard and let the cat out of the bag.
The company was bound to be closed sooner or later, considering the kind of managers that they had hired. A fish rots from the head down, after all.
Tom gritted his teeth, overcame his fear of heights, and climbed the ladder.
Extremely gorgeous: “She walked into the room looking drop-dead gorgeous.”
The speech was an absolute shot in the arm for the crew members aboard the ship.
The company denied spending on the dog and pony shows.
Finally, Noah was their rainbow baby after several miscarriages.
The rank-and-file members need to unite and fight against the savage management.
In personality and culture, the couple are poles apart.
Tom still has hope that his wife will come back to him, but he is actually beating a dead horse.
My dad is an expert stock trader and has rarely backed the wrong horse.
My dad is a greenhorn when it comes to computers.
There is no place for a lily-livered soldier in The United States Army.
I traveled across the American continent, and it was off the chain.
We had to stop midway and call for help because of a charley horse in my foot.
American model Hailey Bieber is not ashamed of being nepo baby.
Lemonade is a classic drink to keep yourself cool during the dog days of summer.
To be filthy rich means that you can choose and buy whatever you want; window shopping is for the less fortunate.
I found an old coin while gardening. I think it’s a diamond in the rough.
I’ll be pushing up daisies by the time she replies to my proposal.
“My family always has a barbecue on Memorial Day to spend time together and remember our loved ones who served in the military.”
The traffic jam was a total barrel of monkeys.
Ever since I embraced a hakuna matata mindset, my life has been easier.
The startup accused the competitor of being a copycat, claiming they stole their business model and product ideas.
I wish to bring to the table the issue of the current tax regime and how it affects our businesses.
Our plans for the future were left in limbo due to the pandemic.
John is very aggressive and outspoken, just like his father. The apple doesn’t fall far from the treein John’s case.
The instructor repeated the key point slowly to drive home the importance of following safety procedures.
The teacher set hard-and-fast rules about not using cell phones during class.
She is by far the most talented singer in the competition.
When my friend was moving to his new house, I offered to lend a hand with preparing, packing, and carrying boxes.
The employee received a cash payment in lieu of vacation days she was unable to take.
They had engaged in a tit for tat exchange of petty insults all night.
The recent market research data is grist to the mill for our marketing team, helping them tailor their strategies effectively.
Someone has to bell the cat and organize the office fundraiser, but so far, no one has volunteered.
Jenny realized she had committed a faux pas when the guest of honor left in a huff.
The contract was negotiated and signed in good faith by both parties.
Long time no see! It’s been ages. How have you been?
That was a half-baked idea; it would never work in practice.
My grandfather was a jack of all trades. He had never attended college, but he was an accomplished musician, gardener, piano player, and spoke several languages.
The fly in the ointment was that the proposal still needed board approval.
The management will hold your feet to the fire to ensure that you fulfill the project deadline.
The couple split up after months of conflicts and arguments.
The United States has been a melting pot of different cultures and backgrounds.
Our John Doe witness refused to testify out of fear of retaliation.
The candidate has been in the limelight for months before the election.
The boss had a cow when he saw the mess they had made.
Let’s high-five after we finish this project.
You’ll only be worth your salt if you go above and beyond the call of duty.
The new software made data entry a slam-dunk.
The detective put him through the third degree, but he wouldn’t break.
The new partners were cut from the same cloth—they had innovative ideas and ambitions for growth.
Even though Janice was not invited to the wedding, she decided to be a fly on the wall.
The code of conduct of that organization requires people to pass through the security office before entering.
We took a crash course in Spanish last summer to prepare for our trip to Spain.
Bearing fruit takes time and patience.
My niece has a sweet tooth, as she continually begs me to make her something sugary.
I know I will rise to the occasion when challenges arise.
He’s just a man of straw, easily manipulated by powerful people.
I regularly keep my eyes peeled to identify any new opportunities that come my way at the company.
I’ve been researching this problem for days, and I think I’m in a blind alley. There doesn’t seem to be any way around it.
While it’s sad that the results have not been as good as you expected, you should now focus on moving ahead and achieving better results next time; there is no use crying over spilt milk.
He’s always been an adrenaline junkie and loves to live on the edge.
We need to have a face-to-face meeting in order to sort out this issue.
The interlocutors have reached a dead end in their efforts to discover a peaceful solution to the imbroglio.
We had a one-on-one meeting to discuss the details of the project.
Let us push the boat out and celebrate the win with a fancy dinner tonight.
When the profit comes down, the bottom line is that this investment isn’t worth the risk.
The plan today is to divide and conquer to complete our coursework.
The accused man was placed in the dock, ready to face trial.
The shutdown of the local iron industry tolled the death knell for the village.
Can we go today or tomorrow? It is as broad as it is long, so you choose.
The office became too noisy when all the employees arrived in a body.
As soon as the teacher left the class, she started making noise.
I decided to take a back seat so as to let my boss handle the problem.
He’s such a doubting Thomas that he won’t believe unless he sees things through his eyes.
The opening batsman’s devil-may-care approach may ruin his chances of securing a permanent spot in the team.
She moved to a new city, leaving all her “bag and baggage” behind her.
After struggling to comprehend the intricate components, it’s time to go back to the basics and refresh ourselves on the basic principles of the topic.
After a successful decade as CEO, he chose to pass the baton and retire.
These amazing recipes will set your engagement party off with a bang.
She was out for revenge and was not afraid to bay for blood.
We need to clear the decks and get our project done on time.
I love reading and learning. But physics is a closed book to me.
I knew her passing the exams was a safe bet because she has been a hardworking student.
I would if I could turn the clock back and study another course.
So far, the team’s new player has failed to deliver the goods. He failed to open his account in his first three games.
Brian tried the offshore education business, but he caught a cold after the first month and has still shown no signs of growth.
Daisy was too chicken-hearted in the meeting to speak up, even though she knew the board was making the wrong decision.
He stole this book two months ago, but I saw it today in his bag; surely your sins will find you out.
He didn’t want anyone to know what he was doing, so he kept his plans cloaked and daggered from the public.
The royal baby’s birth was a historic event and has recently become a trendy topic among the chattering classes.
A shadow appeared in the doorway and scared me to death.
The team has come up with cost-saving ideas to cut the budget short.
The American scientist wanted to carry out several experiments before announcing the sending of humans to Mars.
I love school so much that I wouldn’t dream of missing school even a single day.
1. The family had been kept in the dark regarding their kin one’s medical diagnosis.
Conversations at the university can give you chapter and verse.
The availability of a wide range of products has put the consumer in the driving seat.
You can wait from now till doomsday for customer service.
He was done in after working the night shift.
You wouldn’t chop and change your mind; either stay or go.
Somewhere down the road, I think he’ll make it big.
I suspect the government is dragging its heels over this issue.
Knowing she would be a lame duck, the mayor decided to resign from office early and retire.
People were expecting a big celebration, but what they got was a damp squib.
Of course, we’d love a luxurious car, but you have to cut your coat according to your cloth.
The team has to come up with cost-saving ideas soon; otherwise, the budget cut will cost them a lot.
Freedom fighters are at a discount in present politics.
This proposal has some radical parts that will die hard.
The reckless behavior of drug-taking college students went unabated until the day of reckoning came—they were all sent home.
Everyone was rewarded except her. She felt her dad’s actions were a raw deal for her.
The manager raised the second item on his agenda, admitting it was still on the drawing board.
After calling my sources at the tabloids, I dug up dirt on the actress.
Things look bad for the team, but never say die. A miracle could happen.
The world believes that the idea of another Cold War is dead and buried.
His plan to catch his security office napping was successful.
My knowledge of ICT technology could help me coin money.
Despite his success in business, it was later revealed that the CEO had feet of clay when it came to personal ethics.
“I am wondering how Kellen is going to get her dad to take her on a trip, but I am pretty sure she has an ace up her sleeve.”
The promotion I got means that I will earn more money, but I will also have less time with my family. It cuts both ways.
Orphans are left out in the cold when parents’ meetings are held.
The pictures on the high-definition TV are crystal clear.
I’m ready to resign due to this if it comes to the crunch.
The palace’s crowning glory is the ballroom.
Keep it to three to four actionable categories rather than trying to boil the ocean.
Jane was proven innocent since she was only caught in the crossfire.
Healthcare professionals create a conspiracy of silence due to the fear of legal proceedings, corrective action, or punishment. 
Many female ticktockers use the hashtag “Medusa tattoo” to symbolize survival.
I was wearing such a dress some 40 years ago. Fashion’s wheel has come full circle.
When the attempts at diplomacy broke down, the two states went on a collision course.
The mayor hopes that the improvements will have a snowball effect and lead to increased private investment in the city.
I attempted to draft an outline for my thesis. However, my ideas were so mixed up in a confused way that I kept going around in circles.
Please do not pay any attention to Howard because he’s full of hot air.
The police officers arrested Gary for aiding and abetting the car thief.
This diet will do in a pinch. It is better than going hungry.
The robbery was a frightening experience. Since then, I have been a bundle of nerves.
Whenever they start talking about cryptocurrency, I zone out.
The troops who stood to gain from the official declaration of hospitality gave three cheers.
He lost his job for playing ducks and drakes with the funds of a corporation.
When the chips are down, you know who your real friends are.
Ken is brilliant, but his temper is the chink in his armor.
I don’t think I would be considered a pessimist, not by a long shot.
United, American, and Delta airlines suspended all flights to China. This was a red flag as the coronavirus wreaked havoc on the airline industry.
Ken was a henpecked husband who would not dare contradict his wife.
She’s not a goody-two-shoes, but she’s a good woman.
We will raze the old, rickety building to the ground.
I’ve never seen such a beautiful view as I live and breathe.
Once we were done with the concert, he offered to drop me off at home.
Even though you performed poorly last semester, charm up. No feeling is final.
She’s nowhere near recovered from her experiences.
Our house is next door to hers; that’s why we know each other.
She was terminated from the company a year ago, but she had the last laugh when she was employed by the company’s main competitor at double the wage.
The cinema had a sneak peek of the film to be released next week.
If you’ve got a few minutes to spare, you could always drop her a line.
If you fail to win the day during practice, forget about winning the game.
When Jim became a clerk to a Supreme Court justice, he thought he would get his foot inside the corridors of power.
“Do you mind if I go to the party?” “By all means.”
During the invasion, the soldiers were full of piss and vinegar, and therefore they went straight into the front lines.
The team played excellently and gave a good account of itself.
Agriculture-wise, the Green Revolution holds all the aces.
The concept and story was a bit much for me to understand everything clearly. That is why I did not invest with this company.
Please don’t sleep on that talent. It will take you places!
Jack was the alter ego of Rose in the Titanic movie.
I need the money, but working 10 hours daily in the kitchen is a bit too much.
His opponents never missed an opportunity to cast aspersions on his professionalism.
The interrogators in the case were led astray by false information from one of the witnesses.
You rocked the cast interview today.
With no savings, being fired will leave me up the creek without a paddle.
Matthew said to Sarah, “Step up your game,” to which she replied, “I already have by memorizing every act in Shakespeare’s The Tempest this week.”
If you are unsure about using the equipment, please read the instructions. Its manual is as plain as day.
When he made the decision to make his selecting passion a full-time endeavor, everyone said, “James, you’ve lost your marbles.”
The ski instructor told Sally to “give it a whirl” on the beginner’s ski slope by following his exact moves.
He has a short fuse. He loses his temper for things that don’t provoke others to high levels of angry emotion.
For most young adults, moving out is a whole new ball game.
She’s taken to her grandmother’s house like a duck to water.
I doubt she’ll leave the hospital. Her illness has her down for the count.
They had to endure the city’s dirt and noise day in, day out. 
He was right as rain after a few days in bed after getting injured.
I told him to keep his pants on after being punked.
It can be hard to wrap your head around what exactly happened.
John’s flight was canceled, and he got bent out of shape.
Even though she wronged you, just cool your jets, and you will be fine.
“Why don’t you make like a tree and leave?” “You are starting to get on my nerves,” he said to him after the argument in the office.
In my house, it is my way or the highway. He was told by his father after coming back home drunk.
Each side was drawn willy-nilly into the battle.
In for a penny, in for a pound, we need to stay up all night and get the report done since we cannot turn it in half-finished.
The manager’s meeting today has given me a lot of food for thought about whether I want to continue working for this company.
You are just beating the air if you want to turn him into a good boy.
His negotiating ability and willingness to roll with punches impressed all sides.
The police combed through their house after the income tax authorities left the building.
The army arrested all the leaders and successfully nipped the rebellion in the bud.
Nobody will want to be friends with you if you are considered beyond the pale in your social circle.
What he predicted was right on the money.
You can get a bird’s-eye view of the city by going to the topmost floor.
Ken performed well despite his poor background, much like the rose that grew from concrete.
Friday’s nail-biter of a win over the Houston Texans was an excruciating contest.
The coach acted like a cat on a hot tin roof throughout the game.
Does the menu have anything that tickles your fancy? 
The children got ready in short order to go to the park and play.
Given the latest shakeups, she is hoping that her experience will make her the top dog in the accounting department.
If you do not pay the amount of money, I have lent you by the agreed time, I will get a pound of flesh from you in return.
She took one look at the screen before crying out “Great Scott!” in celebration.
You are not worth my time or energy; I have bigger fish to fry.
Professor Smith was doing a lot of watchdogging during the mid-term exams at Polk High.
You haven’t been staying on top of your homework. You better straighten up and fly right or you will get a bad grade.
After flying back to town, I went to Jenna’s place uninformed to surprise her & to my amaze she had already planned a party to welcome me. I should have known she is smart enough to turn the tables.
I’d bet every man Jack of them are spies.
I have read the article, but I take it with a grain of salt.
They remained as thick as thieves for several weeks. This made us curious to know what they were doing. 
She felt like the belle of the ball as she danced the night away with her beau.
The linebacker made a beeline for the quarterback when he saw an opening.
She dug her own grave when she started talking behind her boss’s back.
The two young men were in bed with the neighborhood gangs.
Mary was so excited to get her foot in the door with her new internship.
I’m tired and need an ice-cold drink. I broke my back at work today on that project.
Roger was given a blank check by Mr. Musk. He could spend as much as he wanted to implement the latest driving technology.
You think you’re smart, but you do not have a clue about how things work.
Singing is in Nina’s blood.
The highly ranked institutions in Boston aren’t all they’re cracked up to be.
As a famous president, he has the perfect reason to be in the pink.
Put your toes on the line and form up!
He decided to make a quick buck by selling his CD collection.
It’s easier said than done when it comes to convincing people that something is true.
to have a plan or secret desire to get something.
I doubted what he said, but I kept my own counsel.
This is not a new viral video; it’s been around for a couple of years.
The journalist esteemed too many sacred cows.
Their relationship came to grief following their disastrous vacation.
Sharon made a clean breast of it and threw Ashley under the bus.
Jake walked up to Robert and told him that he had a bone to pick with him.
He was a difficult man; from the cradle to the grave, he was constantly angry or upset.
This movie is not for those who are faint of heart. You better go to bed right now.
The man didn’t bat an eye when the explosions went off around him and bullets zipped past his head.
I believe we will cross paths soon.
Despite acting so confidently, riddle me this: how will we get all that money within a day?
His protestations that the project would put the firm over budget fell on deaf ears.
All of the citizens heard the clarion call and prepared themselves to defend their city. 
I made it all the way up the steep incline, but I didn’t have the energy to go on. 
Tony built an off-grid bunker, complete with non-perishable food, a water purification system, and solar panels.
The burglars were very meticulous in covering their tracks, making it difficult for law enforcement to catch them.
If you practise enough, driving will eventually become child’s play.
LeBron James has truly been a class act in basketball long before he entered the NBA.
I thought the course was going to be difficult, but it ended up being a cakewalk.
You should consider the other side of the coin when a wife leaves her husband and not just blame her for walking out on him.
The vice-presidents crossed swords at all policy meetings.
I am in a pickle. Anything I do is going to cause this situation to turn out bad. I’m really stuck between the devil and the deep blue sea.
No matter how hard I try to understand what Jim is talking about, it is apparent that his lights are on but nobody is home.
The problem is that the working class perpetually has to struggle to get by, whereas the rich continually have access to easy money.
I have to get up early, so I better hit the hay soon. 
I am really tired after all that exercise. I am going to hit the sack.
The computer is on the blink again; I really need to check whether there’s a virus causing problems.
I often find my husband in the garage, busy as a beaver, working on some new project.
The alley behind the schoolyard is effectively a “red zone,” since that is where all of the bullies hang out.
I saw a couple walking hand in hand along the beach. 
Out of embarrassment, I turned the book upside down so that he would not see the title of what I was reading.
We have set aside our disagreements and made common cause.
His family has long been supported the monarchy; their royalist roots run deep.
Because he was there with him through everything, he saw him as the light of his life.
Like his brother, he is a chip off the old block, very rude in behavior and stout in physique.
Nobody can guess what Mark is going to do next. He’s always been a bit of a wild card.
When it comes to mobile phone contracts, seven out of ten customers opt for pay-as-you-go plans.
He triumphs by dint of his persistence.
When people can “do their bit“, they are helping support a larger cause.
What a blast from the past! I haven’t heard that song in years.
Ethan saw Jason had the same type of car and shrugged, “Birds of a feather.”
If you don’t want any trouble with your boss, then stop rocking the boat.
My teacher spoke up to spare the blushes of the new student.
Managers at Apple have been trained against having blue-eyed boys.
He has put in nothing but blood, sweat, and tears into this company.
The villagers say the arson attack may have been the result of bad blood between the two families.
I’m going on a blind date with a guy that Jack knows from college.
A great painter must put their body and soul onto the canvas.
I couldn’t decide what to do after high school, but my dad makes great money welding, so I took a leaf out of his book and went to trade school instead of college.
If Jessica continues with this behavior, I will have no choice but to bring her to book.
He was told he only had three months left to live, so he is living on borrowed time now that it is four months later.
Advancements in computer technology break new ground almost every day. 
Dad’s fishing pole dove into the lake without warning, and he hit the panic button before jumping up with the reel-spinning like crazy in his hand.
When walking through the yard, make sure you leave a wide berth for the dog, or he may bite you.
Finals begin in a week and if I continue to bury my head in the sand, I’ll be taking this class again next semester.
He said he would take a rain check on visiting us today.
I am currently delivering pizza, buying time to apply for a better job.
Let me tell you something. Just between you and me, I don’t think her painting deserves the first prize.
I was nervous about approaching the recording artist, but my friend Jane went to him, as bold as brass, and requested a group photo.
Before the end of this year, Harrison will be behind bars for his crimes.
The two ladies who were arrested for injuring each other for one man were bosom friends for years.
He had no interest in the glittering beau monde that he belonged to before his marriage.
I moved money from the college savings account to my main account so the debit would clear, robbing Peter to pay Paul.
Since starting my new job, I have been burning the candle at both ends.
He tries to come across as a neutral party, but he is very aware of which side his bread is buttered on.
Vacuuming the carpet while her co-worker was in with the boss, trying to steal her job, felt like fiddling while Rome burned.
I refused to be the yoke around his neck, and so I turned down his generous offer of employment in a job for which I was unqualified.
When I saw the big dog stalking toward me, growling and slobbering, I knew it was time to get out of dodge.
After we finished our talk, he showed me to the door.
Once a wolf has tasted blood, it has to be put down.
By and by, she paused to make sure everyone was paying attention.
We are going to have to break the news to the kids that the concert has been cancelled.
If you are going to come to my party, you can’t be such a wet blanket.
Finally, you’ve decided to get your feet wet and enrolled in your singing classes.
She’ll go bananas if she sees the house in this (dirty) condition.
Learning to ride a bike is simple, it’s not brain surgery.
I’m glad we were able to resolve this disagreement without coming to blows.
Gladys was the brains behind the successful birthday party that left all the children smiling on their way back home.
Lara resigned after a couple of years at the helm of the company.
There are pros and cons to having children.
The first time I heard the phrase “happy wife, happy life,” I was a small person in college and found it very pleasant.
Please don’t point out my “blind spots” to me; I would rather find them on my own.
How come you are not going to the party?
Telling a player to score six goals in one game is a tall order.
Many fans believed that Vince was a silver spoon kid.
I had a close shave last month. A motorist almost knocked me off my bike.
The judges loved your performance, but this was a backhanded compliment since they also highlighted it was blunt.
Our school used to admit more than one thousand candidates, but we feel like we have been scraping the bottom of the barrel with the admitted applicants in late admission.
At recess, the boys and girls run lightning fast.
To truly create the right buzz about this movie, we need to get the required word of mouth going in this city.
They have spent the whole afternoon just shooting the breeze in the office.
He is a big gun at the law firm; he has never lost a single court case.
I had no idea that her family is so illiterate as she always pretended to be classy. Fake it till you make it.
John is so much concerned about helping others instead of feathering his own nest.
With his health on the wane, the coal worker had to take better care of himself.
Don’t let her beauty fool you. She’s just a nightmare dressed like a daydream.
Acting on what appeared to be a blind impulse, she submitted her resignation.
The person that won the lottery was riding the wave of millions of dollars.
My grandfather is no spring chicken, that’s for sure.
My brother is an early riser, but he runs at sunrise, come rain or shine.
He was on top of the world after he won the World Marathon Championships.
He picked up some brownie points with his manager by doing part of her report for her.
A promotion is in the cards for him.
It will be difficult for us to be successful if we continue working at cross-purposes.
Do you believe that you stand a chance of getting that job?
She knew if she didn’t buckle down, the tasks wouldn’t get done.
I can’t believe you said that your hypocrisy takes the cake.
While cleaning my house, I ran across a book I’d lost.
She was cautious about buying the vintage t-shirt sight unseen, but the seller assured her it was in mint condition.
John had an excellent idea for a project, but his colleagues weren’t sure what would happen where the rubber meets the road.
Even though it was storming outside, he kept his sunny disposition since he was happy-go-lucky.
I can’t believe I paid that much money for that outfit. It was a rip off.
Come on, let’s have that shovel again. I’m getting a second wind now.
Let’s get Phoebe on board for the Madison project. After all, it is her area of expertise.
Mark’s been leading a dog’s life since he was fired from the job.
It can’t hurt to go right for the bull’s eye – there’s nothing wrong with getting things right the first time.
When John met up with Jane on their first date, John laid his cards on the table for Jane to know what he wanted.
The children did not know where they were to go for their family holiday trip. Their dad kept his cards close to his chest.
They have him with his back to the wall and now he has no more options but to pay back the debtors or go to jail for fraud.
The married couple fought like cat and dog the entire time they were together.
Regan’s reading skills are coming on in leaps and bounds with the new teacher.
My father has helped me deal with things instead of sweeping them under the rug.
The cops do not like playing cat and mouse games with the culprits before catching them.
Your big mouth always gets you in trouble at school, Steven!
The farmer will not sell us the land. By hook or by crook, he is hanging on to it.
The policeman is the one who will call the shots during the political gatherings.
My mother has green fingers. She can grow just about anything in the garden.
Jake’s parents are going to hit the roof when they see the damage he’s done to their car.
They asked him to go to the movies, but he decided to lone it.
She looked so happy about getting married that her sister just couldn’t burst the bubble.
It was quite a close call, but my father managed to avoid hitting the animal that ran across the highway.
The foreigner put the cat among the pigeons when he made some sensitive comments about the people’s religion.
During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public.
After many quarrelling years, the two political parties finally decided to bury the hatchet.
All hell will let loose when the caged animals break out of their cages.
One young lady was shot dead in cold blood inside the premises of the shopping complex.
She’s far too clever to irritate her employer as she knows which side her bread is buttered on.
After all of this hard work, set some time aside to recharge your batteries.
That particular supervisor tends to pass the buck of all light duties to newly hired interns.
It will make all the difference when a mother phone calls their daughter before they head out for an interview.
We restored the home under the auspices of the historical society.
Don’t worry about your exam score; look on the bright side. It is a significant improvement from the previous exam.
You need to aware of everything you do around here. Big Brother sees everything.
Politicians strongly condemn corruption and nepotism during political rallies, yet they go ahead and misuse public resources in broad daylight.
the buck stops with
In order to achieve true independence, developing countries must cut the cord and stop asking for financial aid from the developed countries.
Josh has turned up at my house three times this week just as I’m cooking dinner. What a sponger!
When the employee threatened to quit if he was not given a pay rise, the boss called his bluff.
We’d better pack the car and hit the road before it gets dark.
Right before the dawn, the British military had been waiting for zero hour to start the operation against terrorists in Afghanistan.
Sophia is a dab hand at cooking.
Emma is the bright spark of the school – she scored the highest marks in the class.
Wendy told us a bare-bones version of the long story.
Carla put her foot right in it when she congratulated her neighbour on being pregnant. It turns out she’s not expecting but had just put on weight.
The waiting time for non-urgent surgery seems to be on the increase over the last five years.
At first, I thought we were having a general discussion, but it ended setting off a tempest in the teapot.
I find the whole issue about these gender roles a storm in a teacup.
get on the bandwagon
After a very hard-working day, she zonked out.
She was standing on the edge of a cliff in the photo, too close for comfort.
Wait till we get the report; don’t jump to conclusions.
thrown in at the deep end
I love having little kids around but cleaning up after them is no picnic.
Thanks for asking; so far, so good.
Yesterday I felt blue, and nothing seemed to cheer me up.
When the police arrived, they realised the party was getting out of hand.
He was delighted when he was offered the position of professor of English at his alma mater.
The slowdown in the advanced countries triggered a reverse brain drain to developing countries.
Maria remains in his bad books after the argument between both.
Ann will not invite Bob to the party because he has been in her black books for so long.
I’m not good at belly dance, so I’ll take my cue from you.
As far as you are concerned, this chapter is over here. You are not to contact her again for anything.
I was so happy to find a parking spot and get out of the store when Jim came flying off the handle and yelled at me in front of everyone in line.
After having been married for eight years, their decision to break up came as a huge surprise to their friends.
I fought with my wife, and she is now giving me the cold shoulder.
The opposition leader landed himself in a whole load of hot water after making several vulgar comments.
Completing the summer study program gives pupils a leg up in the following academic year.
I have come to know that Eric has a skeleton in his cupboard.
Darkness is part and parcel of the night.
Lauren finally spilled the beans. She has been promoted to manager, and it’s going to upset some people in the office.
There haven’t been any tourists this year, and the hotels, campsites, and restaurants are having to weather the storm until things pick up again.
We did what we could, and now the ball is in your court.
The mother is glad to know that her son is always on the ball to learn new things in class.
After my breakup with Judy, I couldn’t understand why things had to end so tragically, but I now understand time puts everything in its place in my new relationship.
The government will be issuing a white paper later this week.
If you want to win the title next month, you have to train for an extra hour every day next week. No pain, no gain.
She could have finished the project last week, but it was impossible to cut through all the red tape.
She’s such a calm person; last week, the whole office was in uproar until she stepped in and poured oil on troubled waters.
When Geoff arrived at the meeting yesterday, he had a huge black eye. He gave us no explanation, and nobody dared ask him about it. So we sat there for the whole morning with this elephant in the room.
“I haven’t finished my maths homework. You know what Mr Peterson is like, he’ll shout so loud they will hear him in the next town.”“Yes, but barking dogs seldom bite. It’s just his way.”
She was late for the fourth day in a row. It will be another nail in her coffin when the boss hears about it.
Jone suggested playing a party game to break the ice.
I had done some research, but there’s more to the subject than meets the eye.
If your bank account goes in the red, the bank will charge you for every transaction.
Everyone thought the Olympic stadiums would be a white elephant after the closing ceremony.
Don’t worry about a thing; I’ve got it all in hand. I did it all online.
I really like Ken. He’s a straight shooter, that’s for sure.
We’d better get some work done, or he’ll crack the whip when he gets back from his tea break.
Heads are going to roll when the boss finds out about the missing stock.
I’ve no idea why Kelly can’t make a spreadsheet, and it’s not exactly rocket science is it?
Geoff was in one of his black moods today, and no amount of cajoling could snap him out of it.
They caught him red-handed with his fingerprints all over the murder weapon.
The company website was pure eye candy because it looks good, but nothing is interesting when you dig deeper.
You can rest assured that the transaction will be completed by the close of business today.
Don’t set the bar so high that it’s impossible to achieve anything.
He was a kind, caring and well-loved family man. May he rest in peace.
This newspaper has crossed the line. This article is so offensive to so many people.
Just copy what I do. It’s easy peasy.
Finding out that she was adopted was a hard pill for Hailey to take.
The masked ball was excellent. You should have seen the costumes. Everyone was dressed to the nines.
When I was at university, my mother always sent me food parcels to tide me over until my next grant cheque came.
Twitter has shadow-banned me, and no one will see my tweets now.
I realised that Sandra wasn’t concentrating on what the boss was saying and had disappeared into a brown study.
My neighbour, Frank is such a good egg. He always feeds the cat and checks the house if we are away.
Stay away from Gordon. He’s a thoroughly bad egg and the biggest bully in the school.
The revision bill aims to lower the bar on picking candidates.
Our family is so competitive. Now that my cousin has gone to university, everyone will expect me and my brother to raise the bar too.
We stood our ground on the footpath, and then eventually, all the cows moved away.
I never thought they would be allowed to do their duties outside the lines.
Frank has gone into a halfway house after 27 years in prison.
My fiancé is with someone else – I can’t believe my eyes.
The house was spick and span when the guests arrived. Jane must have been cleaning for hours.
There’s nothing worse than getting a worm in your apple!
Steve is very organised and friendly. When we met him last week, he introduced us all to the team without further ado.
I thought he would approve of my choices, but he ranted on like a Dutch uncle for a whole hour.
He made £3 million before he was 30, so he is the king of the hill in this industry.
They left the technical problems for the back-rooms boys. They will make short work of it all.
They ate so much that they ended up feeling ill for the rest of the day.
The council proposed to plant some parkland as a buffer zone between the industrial estate and the new housing project.
He had to call on all his strength to get to the finals.
His job application was turned aside when they saw his criminal record.
Peter is having another one of his parties on Friday. Time to go down the rabbit hole again.
We tried that new Indian restaurant last night. The food was excellent, and the prices weren’t too bad either, so we got a lot of bang for our bucks.
He finally got rid of the door to door salesman, by saying he had to go out.
He paid lip service to the cause, but he hasn’t lent a hand yet.
Those boys could be twins, they are like two peas in a pod.
The president’s racist comments are really going to fan the flames of hatred among the crowd.
She’s such a tough nut to crack. Nobody seems to be able to get through to her.
A section of his supporters turned against him when they heard his latest speech on immigration.
I want this job so I’m going to fight tooth and nail for it.
It will be a Herculean task to get through to the quarter-finals, but this untested team is up for the challenge.
Both of my grandfathers felt it was their call of duty to enlist immediately for active service when the war broke out.
The accountant always found the end of the tax year to be a knotty problem.
She tried to live by the motto ‘when life gives you lemons, make lemonade.’
Everything has been topsy-turvy since we moved in. I can’t find anything until I unpack properly.
We had a good game, but the score was goose egg.
How on earth can I marry him when he can’t keep his promises?
In light of what happened last week, please take care on the escalators.
Dress smart when you come round for dinner, my father is a bit old school.
His mother nearly bit his head off when he got his new shoes dirty.
It is good to keep vaccinations up to date as prevention is better than cure.
Katy was always happy that her friends kept her in the loop with the latest gossip.
His plans of becoming an astronaut are a pipe dream, he should be more realistic.
The supporters for the other team were angry but we won the game fair and square.
His ideas are so innovative, he is way ahead of the curve. He might end up running the company at this rate.
This medicine does exactly what it says on the tin, because I feel so much better.
No matter where I go, it’s always so lovely to come back here. Home is where the heart is after all.
Money had started disappearing from the treasury coffers so, they realised that someone had sticky fingers.
My mother is always cleaning. The house is in apple-pie order.
Peter called to say he was getting an earlier train so, I been on a tear to get to the station in time.
When we were students, we didn’t have much money and we got by on the smell of an oily rag most days.
The chancellor has a plan to increase taxes, thinking that this would improve the economy. It would bring owls to Athens.
We went to see that new action film on Thursday night and it was anything but good, in fact, I fell asleep.
How he got the job I will never know. He’s like a square peg in a round hole.
“Have you tried the new bar on the corner? We’ve been three times and it’s a bit hit and miss.”
If it’s the tough time in your life, it comes with many silver linings.
You could feel the tension in the air as everyone waited to hear the announcement.
You need to stop making light of this situation. You could be in serious trouble.
My best friend has supported me through thick and thin.
I completed the project in no time at all.
When it comes to the rights of animals, we are always willing to throw down the gauntlet.
I believe that digital learning is the way forward.
I am sorry for snapping at you. I have been a bit on edge since I found out that they are selling our company.
You are just cutting days in the comfort of your home and spending your parents’ money. You need to really get out and face the actual life. Remember, a smooth sea has never made a skilled sailor.
No matter how critical it is, Draining the swamps would be just about impossible unless we citizens take action against it in the union.
Our team won four college tournaments in a row this year! Why wouldn’t the team be riding high!
They are at odds about the fundraiser that I being held on Saturday.
The president came under siege for his radical decisions.
You have no business discussing my personal life with your friends.
We lost the elections – it is a part of the game. But we absolutely take heart in the apparently greater awareness and involvement of the young generation in keeping the spirit of democracy.
drag over the coals
His years of experience in the spoken English field has stood him in good stead.
We got our water balloons fully filled and threw smack dab at their heads. It was fun, I tell you!
You are working over 100 hours a week, dude, get a life!
Mark always looks for someone to blame and throw under the bus for his failings.
I woke up from a nightmare, breathing heavy and in cold sweat.
I have seen the way your boss praises your work. I am sure that a promotion is on the horizon.
They tampered with my research. Thank God I found it out. I’m sure they were hoping to send me on a wild goose chase as I continue my research.
I realise that the house needs to be painted but we are going to move in a few years so I am kicking the can down the road.
He received a pat on the back from his boss from the new project that he landed.
We watched a heart-touching movie about a boy who lived next to a concentration camp during the Second World War.
I would like to tick off some more items on my list before going home.
I will need to mull things over before I decide whether or not to start my own business. It is a big decision.
I promise to complete my homework right away.
They had fewer people turn out for their party than they anticipated.
I will be able to sit with you for a while, but I need to get home soon.
Please bring up some more blankets when you come to bed.
I didn’t mean to tell him about your job interview, it just came out.
He has not been in trouble this year. He has really turned over a new leaf.
I didn’t think we would get through the last week of exams.
Even though my grandmother is in her 80s, she is still full of vim and vigor.
Mister Jack was really ill from the past two months and yesterday he bought the farm.
Our new teacher looked like a fish out of the water, nobody was aware of the issue.
Go and buy some sweaters, I have many other things left on my bucket list.
It won’t take me much time to remember, her name is on the tip of my tongue.
I am really happy with the new job and I mean that from the bottom of my heart.
The technological advancement like flying cars is light years away.
I have tried my level best to educate him well, but he is still having a non-serious behavior, you can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make him drink.
Karen always keeps a lion’s share – I won’t work with her anymore.
Does your brother really think that he can knock out the biggest guy in school? I would like to see him try.
I am so mad at Jane because she broke my favourite pair of earrings. I told her not to borrow my things.
I really screwed up this time. My wife will never forgive me for forgetting her birthday.
A lot of countries sent help in the aftermath of the earthquake.
Telling your friend that you like their new haircut, when you really don’t, is an example of a white lie.
I paid for the package but it was never delivered. After two weeks I realized that I had been taken for a ride.
It took me a while to get to know my in-laws and understanding their lifestyle.
Sally was green with envy when he saw my brand new car.
Last night, I met Sara for a pep talk because I had my interview the very next day.
When Sara told Sam that there is a ghost living next to their room, he changed the room like a bat out of hell.
Don’t hesitate to share your problems with me. After all, a problem shared is a problem halved.
Take any route of your choice because all roads lead to Rome.
Lara’s performance at the concert last night just knocked my socks off.
We cannot compare Sara and Salina. They are apples and oranges.
Nicole Kidman was in seventh heaven when she received the award for the best actress.
With a heavy heart, we had to leave the funeral ceremony.
Just lighten up! Everything will be fine.
My favorite thing was to whisper something hilarious in class to the kid next to me and crack him up, so he got in trouble.
The situation was getting worse, but like all the other members of the company, he was fascinated by troubled waters.
John is such a live wire; he is a good source of entertainment.
To make this project successful in the long run, they will need more partners.
My friends wait desperately for online sales on Black Friday.
When Jack and Taylor arrived at the award function together, everyone got the wrong end of the stick.
Put your mobile phone in a silent mode – its loud ringtone is getting on my nerves.
I would like you to mind your own business and stop telling me what to do.
Good grief, is she going to kick her brother in front of the entire school? This is really shocking for me.
Two of the new students were thrown into the lion’s den as their ragging was taking place.
Just by reading her facial expressions, I can easily tell you that she is miles away.
You are just making a mountain out of a molehill, you just gave a wrong answer, it doesn’t mean you’re not going to qualify to the second round.
The flowers are all dead as a doornail.
Their company is trying to revive an income that is dead in the water.
Rule out each and every word from the application which you don’t want the principal to read.
As a result of this mishap, he was not on work for a week.
Do not spend a fortune on the gifts to make others happy.
My grandmother told me that it is a black day tomorrow.
If I go north or south, I will turn up at the same location. It is six of one, half dozen of the other.
If we keep on selling our goods at the same price, we will soon go out of business.
It is against the grain for me to tackle dishonest people.
Our teacher told us that we will get a long summer break and this was just music to my ears.
To find out who is stronger is the apples to apples measure their capability to win the first prize in the field of Olympics.
He told himself that it was by chance so as to bring peace to his mind.
I took the weather for granted when I lived in America. Now I am struggling to get used to the cold.
I am not asking for your opinion, mind your own beeswax.
I have been walking on air since I found out that I have been awarded a scholarship to study music.
I am not sure which couch would look best in our house. I am leaning towards the blue one. What do you think?
Can someone please tell Matthew to take a chill pill? We will be on time for the party.
It is important to bundle up before you go out to keep from getting cold.
We would like to set off for Paris by 10 o’clock tomorrow morning.
Singapore is trying so hard to catch up with Japan when it comes to technological advancements.
Max: I challenge you to join me in my 100km run this month. Samuel: You’re on!
The economic situation is not looking good because of Brexit and this making the Prime Minister put the brakes on international investments.
Sandra: I asked him for a simple drawing! To be honest, I am so angry right now. Andrew: Easy does it, Sandra. We will make sure he refunds the money.
Mark my words, she won’t regret taking me up on my offer.
Her dream of wanting to move to London to become a famous singer is a pie in the sky if you ask me.
While scrolling down the menu of Grand Theft Auto V, I happened upon an Easter egg.
In a bid to gain independence, she agreed to get married early, not knowing she was jumping out of the frying pan into the fire.
No matter how strong you are but you can’t stop the acts of God.
My father told me never to toot my own horn.
Nina loves French fries and other fast food.
Our team has won eleven out of our twelve matches this season. We are on a roll.
Our government has doubled the number of soldiers at the border to ward off illegal immigrants.
I hope to finish the dress before Saturday. If you want to see what it looks like you should drop by over the weekend.
I know he broke your heart, but there are other boys out there who are better than him.
Maria is so in love, she is as blind as a bat when it comes to Mark’s rude behavior.
Jane always seems to be in a fog.
And I’ll bet dollars to donuts that he will have no strategic plan on how to effectively deny Clinton’s speech.
Simran is looking for a loyal friend, not a fair-weather friend.
The politician came under fire after it was discovered that he had spend campaign money on lavish parties.
The search for the missing children will continue at first light.
I will never work with Peter again. He expects everyone to do the work on his behalf, once bitten twice shy.
Even after trying so hard, I could not kick the habit of drinking.
We will need to start saving money in order to make ends meet.
I have to work 60 hours a week just to keep my head above water. I don’t know how people do it.
He was up and about within a few days of the operation.
His wife is a free spirit, she does not believe in the work that we do.
Both the man and his wife must work long hours just to keep the wolf from the door.
I will tell you what is going on but only because you are already family, so to speak.
The company stands to reason that the project will take at least another six months to conclude given that none of the managers have a better grip on the work.
The children can be up to no good cooped up in that attic together for two hours. You must go up and check.
The teacher had asked the class to zip it but today everybody seemed to want to talk a lot. So she punished the entire class.
It seems as if the merger will go through and all our hard work has been in vain.
I am going to bed now. Good night, sleep tight.
Runners, please get ready. On your mark, get set, go!
There are only a few minutes left in the match and it is too close to call.
The sunshower is said to occur when the devil is beating his wife in various German-speaking countries.
I guess, she will forgive you when hell freezes over.
My grandmother advised me to be careful about making new friends because all that glitters is not gold.
The bank manager caught the security guard while taking forty winks on duty.
I think we delayed coming – Elvis has left the building.
I was thinking that I will not have dinner today. Famous last words, I am very hungry.
I appreciate the fact that you have a sense of humour, but we need to be serious now.
John said to his brother, ” You better bring your car to the shop while it’s still running, because a stitch in time saves nine“.
Next time I come to this restaurant I will bring my other half.
She bought those lovely shoes at a flea market for a song.
Thank you so much for helping with my move. Not at all.
I have found that drinking a cool glass of water helps to beat the heat in summer.
I will make do without all of the research and send you a proposal by the end of the day.
We were trespassing on their property. When the alarm went off we had to leg it or we would be caught.
I feel snowed under with all the work my boss keeps throwing my way.
The debate on whether man and woman were created equal has been long-lasting and significant.
We cannot release the names of the soldiers killed at the battle of Normandy until we’ve informed their next of kin.
The Economic and Finance minister’s fall from grace gave her detractors great satisfaction.
Kevin didn’t want to be part of the protest, but all his friends wanted to stand for something, so he chose to go with the flow.
The two athletes have been neck and neck for this entire race.
They managed to stay under the radar for years, after stealing all that money from their friends.
The editorial was a fine piece of writing.
Thank you so much for your assistance Sandra, speak soon.
My friend has the weirdest of opinions, he’s a real piece of work.
The blood vessels in the back of his right leg stood out.
The Grecian Government was supposed to put Europe on the road to recovery from the Economic and financial crisis.
The election bill was altered, by what I believe was a slip of the pen.
Firefighters always go over and above to ensure that people are safe.
I have cleaned up this mess over and over again but ever time I come back it is dirty again.
I have told you that you will not be going to the party. There will be no further discussion. Over and out.
Kindly drive slow; this road is prone to accidents.
If we get off before five o’clock the traffic will not be as bad.
After a long illness he is finally on the mend.
I am looking forward to seeing my best friend next weekend. I have not seen him for six months.
I need a new friend is like a hole in the head, I am good to be single.
The new CEO promises that the company performed very well this year. He has yet to release the financial statements, I am afraid that it’s a snow job.
He arrived at the wedding in the nick of time.
It was so nice to bump into you last week. I haven’t seen you in years.
Could we please go out and get some dinner? I am so hungry that I could eat a horse.
There are a lot of things that need to be completed for our project. I would suggest that we start with the low hanging fruit.
I did a double take when I saw how much weight my best friend had lost.
“Have you seen my beautiful new bag? I paid a fortune for it.” “Really? It is a fake. The stitching of the original bags is blue, not green.” “How disappointing. I guess the devil is in the details.”
My husband has had trouble maintaining a job in the shifting sands of the economy.
I love how June is always telling us how she met so-and-so on her travels. Everyone knows that she is making it up.
The new restaurant in town is so-so. It is not the worst food that I have ever eaten, but I would not go back.
My parents used to love the Beatles. They were all the rage when they were teenagers.
This new PitBull song is a real earworm. I haven’t been able to get it out of my head since last week.
I thought he had lost it when he told me how much his new car had cost.
She seems like a very smart lady, but my sense of humour seems to be lost on her.
I cannot believe that we lost to their team on Saturday. We practised so hard.
I can’t believe that they were able to launch a takeover of our company.
I wish that I could meet Mr Right. All of the men that I meet seem so immature.
I don’t enjoy camping and my husband hates the cold. So, we had to meet halfway and go to the beach for the weekend.
Every relationship has its ups and downs. It is important to stick it out.
Thanks for the visit, Peter, take care.
His father is a great man. He is larger than life.
I don’t agree with your take on the matter, but I will respect your choice.
The movie had everyone in the theatre in stitches.
The new law is just a red herring meant to draw our attention away from the issues regarding education.
Thank you so much for fixing my flat tire. You are a knight in shining armour.
I can’t believe that you are upset because I was late. That is the pot calling the kettle black. 
He’s dedicated to the project heart and soul.
We need to get all of these files completed before anyone leaves. There are miles to go before I sleep.
Did you really think that he would show up to work the day after a long weekend? Fat chance!
I have to go to the office to point out the person that keeps jamming the printer.
You’re going to have to take it on the chin when your father gets home and sees what you’ve done.
I tried to make my grandmother learn how to use a smartphone but it was just like you can’t teach an old dog new tricks.
I am glad that you are enjoying your holiday,the best is yet to come.
I have never eaten sushi, but I will give it a shot.
I understand that everybody wants to try driving, but you will have to take turns.
I would never invest money in their company. They are high rollers and I cannot afford that kind of risk.
Please cut the crap and tell us what really happened at his birthday party.
My sister really knows how to wind me up.
Your exam results this term were not up to the mark.
If you do not stop complaining then I will hang up on you.
He has been sick for three days in a row.
I enjoy outdoor sports like swimming, surfing, hiking and so on.
My handbag is a black hole. You can try and find the keys in there but I can’t promise anything.
After my terrible grade in mathematics I saw the light and started working harder.
The lack of power has thrown a spanner in the works regarding our MS-PowerPoint presentation.
Of course, I will help you to move. That’s what friends are for.
My grandmother is a very warm-hearted person, everybody loves her.
When she said that she was very hardworking I had to hold my tongue.
I had a very late night last night. I think that I will have a catnap during my lunch hour.
Pardon me for offending you. I didn’t realise that you were sensitive to the subject.
There was a sea change in his personality after he married his wife.
It doesn’t matter how long it takes. I am going to figure out this math problem.
No that my brother has proved that I was wrong I will have to eat crow.
She has never had to work a day in her life. Her parents hand her everything on a silver platter.
When she didn’t get her way, she drove off in a fit of anger.
The guy just zipped past me in the queue today without bothering about the rules of the organization.
The budget division is a zero-sum game.
The tales are interesting if you are into that kind of thing but for me it is like listening to a voice crying in the wilderness.
The play can begin at the drop of a dime, you just need to say the word.
The narrator repeated her name time after time in the story but I could not understand her connection with the plot until the very end of the story.
The bartender decided to roll the dice and use rum for the cocktail since they were out of gin.
The fact that she had no backup plan in case she got caught made her a sitting duck.
Janet quitting her job because her ex started working there is a classic example of throwing out the baby with the bathwater.
Sebastian using all his savings to buy blue chip stocks is definitely skating on thin ice.
Sheila was determined to be the star of the show and she was not going to play second fiddle to anyone.
After the nasty fight with her sister, Alice decided to mend fences by buying her sister some presents.
“My baby wouldn’t sleep last night, I am so tired.” “Cry me a river, Joan. I haven’t had a good night’s sleep in years.”
I can’t believe that he didn’t trust that we could win. He will have to eat his words.
I don’t think that he studied for his test, even though he says he did. Only time will tell.
It seems like a great building, on the other hand, you are displacing a lot of animals by building it.
Do not tell your mom that I broke her vase! Remember, silence is golden.
I can’t wait to go out with my best friend and paint the town red!
At the end of the day, I have decided that law school would be the best path for me.
I had a fall out with my mom about her losing my earrings.
We will definitely keep in touch with each other when you move to Australia.
Don’t be such an eager beaver, we have plenty of time to complete the task.
June and her sister will come over for lunch on Sunday, we are having chicken pie.
I cannot believe that we have run out of milk! Just when I wanted to make a cup of tea.
It doesn’t matter what happens, you will always be able to count on.
I can’t believe that I haven’t seen you in a year! You are a sight for sore eyes.
The man makes me weak in the knees when he kisses me.
Never mind, I will do it myself.
They are going out tonight, even though we told them to stay at home. “Say what!”
I asked the boy whether he thought that I was pretty, he said “no” point blank, without even trying to spare my feelings.
John got caught using a cheat sheet during the test, he will be receiving a failing grade and will be in detention for the next three months.
June was very upset because her mother would not buy her a new pair of shoes, so she stormed out of the room in a huff.
John was so tired of trying to fix the stove that he decided to give up and phone an electrician.
We would like to wish you all the best in the year to come.
Mathematics is generally a real pain in the neck for most of the school and college students.
Every employee undergoes a learning curve while getting to know the company.
There can be no exceptions. Every new recruit has to undergo an orientation course, it’s as simple as that.
Before deciding on which job to take, Peter has decided to take stock in order to make an informed decision on which choice would be best for him and his family.
The beggar had to beg all day long before getting enough money to feed his hungry children.
After the huge earthquake the children are still carrying on with their shock.
The shop did not make a lot of money today, we had a slow day.
I know that the paper only has to be in next week, but I would like to get a head start.
Can you speak up because those at the back can barely hear you?
The violent storms shook the very foundation of the house and broke open the doors.
The child hung on to her mother and would not let go of her hands.
Seeing me going from room to room with no apparent method, my friend couldn’t help but ask what I was up to.
My mother has the ability to make me laugh and cry at the same time.
My mother in law was not pleased when we politely told her that the honeymoon plan was none of her business.
With the way he barked orders at the workers, everyone got the impression that he is high up in the company.
After putting the luggage in the trunk, we were all set to go on our vacation.
Martha let us know that our grandfather passed away two nights ago.
Mom made sure we stayed up to welcome our dad home after months of him being on military tour.
Leo has decided to go after his dreams with all that he has.
He drives me crazy with the lazy way he executes all his tasks.
I was certain Nina would fail at her task and said so boldly. When she successfully completed her task, I knew I had spoken too soon.
After his first accident, Sam is quite careful in driving now because a burnt child dreads a fire.
I know your motives behind this act; don’t try to blow smoke in my eyes.
Following the aftermath of the hurricane, my heart goes out to all the residents of New Orleans.
After months of being unemployed, it’s high time Paul starts a business of his own rather than keep waiting for paid employment.
After his mother’s death, David found a treasure trove when he found her collection of music records.
Mike was sure he would ace the auditions as he put finishing touches on his performance.
Mike saw his going to work for his father as a necessary evil if he was ever to own his own company someday
Tina’s story to the police on how she got mugged was different shades of grey as it was not consistent.
Despite James and John being identical twins, their characters were as different as chalk and cheese.
Her working as a public defender was not due to her passion for the job but solely as a means to an end.
His resolve to either get a paid internship or drop out of school was his line in the sand.
Upon hearing the good news, Mary was definitely full of beans.
Failing to get a satisfactory answer from her doctor, Mary went from pillar to post searching for a cure for her illness.
Due to the complicated equations, we thought it is best to hire a private tutor to shed more light on the topics.
After spending several hours in good company, Martha felt her depression lifting and realised that laughter is indeed the best medicine.
Mary’s nice compliments about her not so nice boss made it clear that she was just trying to butter him up.
After losing the first place position to Martha, everyone heard Mary’s mother tell her to buck up.
Throughout the funeral of her parents, Mary kept a stiff upper lip.
From the way the soldier handled the gun, everyone could tell that he was wet behind the ears.
By selling off his business, Alex killed the goose that lays the golden egg.
In a nutshell, all the new mayor was saying is that the fight against crime will be taken much more seriously.
By avoiding the drug dealers on the corner street, James was making an effort to keep his nose clean.
Speak up boy or cat got your tongue?
From now on, every student must switch off their phones before coming to my class.
Even with the increased hostility at work, Amanda faced all her colleagues head-on as she pitched her new proposal.
When the time comes, I’ll bite the bullet and take my punishment without a fuss.
Seeing as the deadline was looming and Grace was yet to round up the project, she realised she was in a pickle.
Whenever Lisa is around the house, everyone has to walk on eggshells around her in order not to get her annoyed.
After trying for a baby for several years, Mark was happy when his wife told him she had a bun in the oven.
When it came the time for him to share stories of this conquests, he became strangely tight-lipped.
Even with her boss looking very untidy, Mel still complimented her and this showed her to be an apple polisher.
This week will be so hectic as I have a lot on my plate.
When he told us the stories of his youth, everyone could agree that they were far-fetched.
Having children has taught me that no man is an island.
As the head of the family, he ensures that he brings home the bacon.
The movie gave me a chill to the marrow. I am not recommending it to anyone. It is horrible.
After failing to take her equipment to the lab, Lizzie ran around like a headless chicken while trying to conduct her experiment.
No matter what time of day it is, she is always at his beck and call.
I don’t want to be at sixes and sevens with you.
Just minutes before the deadline, he definitely submitted his assignment at the eleventh hour.
I want to thank you all for coming to my dinner party, and I’d like to wish you all bon appetit!
The company has its back against the wall and if the employees do not help out now, it will be bankrupt soon.
“His continuous talking makes me wish he could button his lip.”
His method of teaching physics breaks the mould.
The manager was fired from his job after making such a huge mistake, but that’s the way the cookie crumbles.
Since Farrokh was made redundant, we’ve really felt the pinch. We can’t even afford to buy the kids new shoes.
The general kept his hair on during the meeting this time.
We’re all sick of you saying the same things over and over again. Why don’t you just take a hike?
I was so hungry, and that meal was absolutely delicious! It was just what the doctor ordered.
The crew tried to blow their own trumpet but the manager did not buy their story.
This movie is a total tear-jerking for anyone who has lost a parent.
The movie has the most spine-tingling end that you would never be able to guess.
The company is now just a has-been.
The book is a page-turner and now I cannot take a break until I complete reading it.
The character is a household name because people are able to identify with the struggles that he faces.
The report showed up all the flaws in the project, and that was the last thing I wanted!
Your plan is excellent – it really does justice to all of the ideas we put forward.
I’m so proud of our boy, Johnny – he was head and shoulders above the rest of his class in his school project.
Trying to keep this place clean and tidy is like hitting my head against a brick wall.
I’m so sorry I forgot your birthday – I’ve got a memory like a sieve!
Joe’s doing really well on the football team this season. He has nearly matched Joe senior’s reputation for being a sharp shooter! I guess it’s a case of like father, like son.
I am going to get this house cleaned today if it’s the last thing I do.
Joe doesn’t seem to understand that we’re working to a different schedule now, since the workload has doubled.  He’s not the sharpest tool in the shed.
My dream has always been to settle in Australia. But I know it’s like a trip to the sun. I just have to make peace with this place.
The presentation touched off a very important point and I would like to spend some time talking about it.
He eats like a horse – there’s never enough left for everyone else once he’s been at the buffet.
Time flies when I go to play with friends.
The man was in the cross hairs from the very beginning of the interrogation.
The man controlled every aspect of his wife’s life until he was asked to pay the piper.
The guy has rubbed me in such a wrong way that I do not even want to look at him ever again.
The course requires a lot of effort on your part. It is true that you can’t make an omelette without breaking a few eggs.
The guy thinks that the forbidden fruit is always the sweetest and keeps asking her out even though she has refused him several times. I seem to think that this is becoming unhealthy and obsessive.
The company’s top managers do not consider these government policy changes and important for their strategic planning. It is out of sight, out of mind for them but that is not a good thing in any way.
The farmers were using these pesticides in their fields without even considering the harmful effects it has on the land. Ignorance is bliss.
The government cannot expect any progress in the society with a “if you scratch my back, I’ll scratch yours” attitude.
The exam results are not yet out and I feel no news is good news.
The manager-employee problems in this company are just the tip of the iceberg.
The manager tried his best to explain the situation after such a terrible mess created by the employee in the account. In the end, his hands were tied and he had to fire the staff members responsible for the mistake.
The kids need to understand that even though they have been born with a silver spoon in their mouths, that money doesn’t grow on trees.
The plan will gradually get the company the revenue that they need to sustain in this market but you need to learn to walk before you run.
Their marriage does not need a councillor. You should keep out and if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.
Though he rarely speaks in class, still waters run deep.
The deal is on but first things first, let’s discuss how the remuneration for the work will be done.
They have taught their kids to play any sport only after wearing its gear because it is better to be safe than sorry.
You better check out the costs that you will have to incur through the duration of this lawsuit before filling it. It is always better to look before you leap.
The man drove through eight countries in his car. It is true, where there is a will, there is a way. 
The workers gathered when the company was facing financial trouble to raise capital and proved that many hands make light work.
The study plans were such that it required you to read when your mind was fresh, strike while the iron is hot.
The company management had 11 decision makers. No wonder it closed operations since too many cooks spoil the broth.
The couple reunited after almost a year and understood that the absence had made their hearts grow fonder.
The company has high moral standards and has the words “honesty is the best policy” written all over its premises.
The lawyer always thought that the grass is greener on the other side and left his profession to become an MBA graduate. Guess what? He is still struggling to find a job.
The company engaged with another marketing consultant because it is an important project and two heads are better than one.
The couple could not stay together long after their wedding because familiarity breeds contempt.
The master chef always told me that there’s no time like the present to start working on your signature dish.
The band breaking up was a terrible things but I guess all good things must come to an end.
In this village you are only going to get these many options for furniture. Learn to live it because beggars can’t be choosers.
I kept waiting for hours near my phone but there was no news from my daughter from the war zone yet because a watched pot never boils.
The businessman refused to help you this time because he realized that you run to him every time you have the slightest difficulty. Please remember that he has a business to run and God helps only those who help themselves.
My sister got furious when I tried to see how valuable the diamond on the ring she gifted me was and told me to never look a gift horse in the mouth
The admissions in this college get filled in very early. If you really want to enroll your son here then you should remember that the early bird catches the worm.
The man I admire the most has always taught me that discretion is the greater part of valour.
The troops finally retreated and the men get to go home to their families now. There is no place like home.
The company has asked the employees to fill in extra work hours this month when the incentive was paid out. There is no such thing as a free lunch.
The team is divided into people from the same region batting against each other. Birds of a feather flock together.
As a politician you must keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
The tendency these days is to hope for the best, but prepare for the worst. Else in our days we would never be speaking about failing an exam.
The guy should have gone all out to achieve his destiny. He would have been married to the love of his life had he showed some courage back then. Fortune favours the bold.
The presentation will be followed by high tea and snacks for all the employees present.
We ran for cover as soon as the storm broke.
The company secretary handled the objections very calmly and politely. I truly saw the personification of the fact that when the going gets tough, the tough get going.
My younger brother got far more stuff from my parents when we were kids because the squeaky wheel gets the grease.
I totally believe that the pen is mightier than the sword and will continue to write about my honest opinions even if it irks a few.
My mother always told us that when in Rome, do as the Romans. That is how today we are able to get along with any kind of people.
The countries are now trying to maintain a status quo with regards to their nuclear arsenal which will help them if the situation gets any worse.
Don’t be so cold hearted, forgive them and speak with your children.
The breakout was so sudden that the guards did not even have the time to process what happened.
Being in love doesn’t mean that you forget about all your responsibilities towards your parents, does it?
This diamond is a cut above the rest. You will like it because you have an expensive taste.
The party prepared to move to another location in the meantime
The turning point in the story came when the protagonist lost his sister in a car accident.
The army is wise to batten down the hatches near the border when our neighbouring country seems to be so hostile.
The colonel still sleeps with a loaded pistol by his side, even though he has retired from the army ten years backs. As they say, old habits die hard.
The manager had stacked the deck against me but I was able to prove through the system that the error could be apportioned to me.
Google has beefed up it’s search algorithm to provide the best quality search result to its users.
It is important that you learn the ropes and know your father’s business well before you take it over.
The kids write to me from time to time letting me know of their latest adventures.
You cannot leave the kitty because she was rude to you. Two wrongs don’t make a right.
The Joshi’s have all come down with the flu, so none of them will be able to attend your wedding.
Martha runs a tight ship at home. With 4 kids to take care of at home, she cannot have it any other way.
Heads up! This machine is used to trim grass, please handle with care.
The new manager is getting under my skin.
The director of the company passed the torch after he got too sick to take care of the company matters.
This house is my dream come true.
You must be kidding when you say that you would like to find evidence in this case, it is like trying to find a needle in a haystack.
The man beat his own mother black and blue! How could someone do such a horrible act? The mother is still praying for the best for him though.
The management was so focused on planning for the next year’s budget that they let this issue fall between the cracks.
The child’s mother blacked out on seeing him at the hospital. Subsequently she had to be hospitalised too.
My parents share a very straightforward relationship, it is like love me, love my dog. They accept each other exactly the way they are in person.
When my dad finds out that I have lost the mobile phone, I am as dead as a dodo!
This is perhaps the only politician that I have come across who strives to do what he promised.
You have broken the window panes while the mother is not home now. I want none of your lip, and you will help me clean this out before she is back.
The children have been explained this sequence time and again but just refuse to follow suit.
The company has no concern with how he keeps up after he has resigned.
The movie they played on cable last night gave me a chill to the bone. I will not be watching a night time movie any time soon.
The sun is up, rise and shine!
The Oswal’s have really worked hard in building their empire. Rome was after all not built in one day.
The project ran out of steam quite early on and then for it to take of was obviously quite difficult.
The person went scot-free even though there were many people convinced of his crime because the evidence against him was circumstantial.
The accused was saved by the bell otherwise the judge would have pronounced the sentence today itself.
The fellow has always been a scapegoat since he is the youngest of the four siblings.
This politician is a sitting shotgun for his brother’s company. It is sad to see that he is using his political influence for his own purposes.
The man has a great sixth sense and manages his business just on his intuition.
The place is neither skid row nor a main street. You will have to look it up on the maps to find it.
The manager smelled something fishy and started an investigation. He eventually found that 3 of the 4 employees were stealing from the store.
The son of a gun managed to pass all the subjects this time along! I am so happy!
The mother expected her baby to be a southpaw like her but she was very much right handed.
The class has started the lesson from scratch to be able to understand the basics in a better manner.
The prime minister probably realizes that the bigger they are the harder they fall. So he has been very cautious about all of his plans and policies up till now.
The last straw in their relationship was when he physically abused her. She walked out after that.
The fellow finally managed to pass his exam. As they say, third time’s a charm.
The police threatened to imprison everyone in the crowd that did not 23 skidoo from the park.
The trip was up a blind alley it seems because the travel agent could not even jot down a proper itinerary. I wonder why they booked a holiday with such a shady company anyway.
The prime minister keeps wagging the dog to keep people from actually finding out about the scam and its details.
The restaurant owners had the best of everything at one point. But you know what they say, when it rains, it pours. Today they are left with absolutely nothing.
Their residence is totally wild and woolly but all in all I found them to be warm people.
The wine and dine at this hotel is among the best that you will ever find.
The whole world knows that you can’t take it with you but they still have so much affiliation to their worldly possessions.
There is zero tolerance towards any gender bias in this company.
The governor is a self-made man and has had properties around the city even before he joined politics.
I am under no illusion that living in Canada is going to be very easy.
The vegetable vendor was doing a roaring trade in the market today.
The woman made every attempt but could not break the highest and toughest glass ceiling.
The company has introduced cutting edge technology which will handle all client servicing issues.
The management was given a ballpark figure at the very beginning of the presentation.
The man has been in a rat race all his life. No wonder he is enjoying his retired life to the fullest.
The man has an upper hand to his wife. It is reflected in the way he speaks with her.
The gardener stopped by the nursery to get some soil for his garden.
The must haves this season include a tunic and a head scarf.
The men had never come across a failure and hence did not know how to deal with it.
The way around such a problem would mean that we lose another 6 months in the completion of this project.
The cake was ordered just in case the desert that she made did not turn up well.
The completion of this project was honestly a race against time. The client needed to have filed the documents in the court by today at any cost.
The fellow gave me a baker’s dozen of cookies. It made my children very happy.
The project has been in the pipeline since forever. I am not sure if it will ever get completed.
The presentation did not make sense at all. It was way off the topic.
The building blocks of success, in my view, come from perseverance and hard work.
The meeting has been brought forward by the board and we have to start preparing for it right away.
The team was killing time at the stadium before it was their turn to play.
The surgical strikes that the Indian army carried out in the year 2016 were an example of the strength that they hold. The enemy better not mess around here.
The ring literally took my breath away. There was a monster of a diamond on it.
“It is so amazing that you made it because we heard that it was a very difficult task.”
The manager will pull this deal off. You bet on something else about him because this is definitely happening.
The girl has decided to marry him come what may. She will proceed even if her entire family is against her decision.
Dan said. “I got a job as an associate professor in the university! Wow!” Tina replied. “You’ve got to be kidding!”
The Peace corps is in need of a young blood like Adam.
She said, “This horrible weather has been killing me.” He said, “You can say that again!”
She told me that you abused her, you know better than that.
I told her that we have been dating for 5 years now and she said “you wish!”
 To be very frank, I am very disappointed that they did not give me the post of  the manager as I feel I truly deserved it after 5 years of work experience. Oh well, you can’t win them all you see.
Don’t come back when it is all over and you have nowhere to go. Once you’ve made your bed , you’ll have to lie in it.
You really can’t trust what Donald might say in front of the boss. Everyone knows that he is just a yes man and I am not even sure if he has his own views on anything.
I don’t really care where we go right now for dinner. It’s your call.
She pricked up her ears when she heard her name being mentioned by the group chatting animatedly at the corner.
If you buy a used car without examining it thoroughly first, you might end up buying a pig in a poke.
Why don’t you just zip your lip, I am tired of being nagged all morning.
Ginna’s got a yellow streak which shows up the moment she is asked to stand up against Nick.
The park provides free food for orphans year-round as a service to the God and humanity.
Remember Tom, you cannot unring the bell once you have sent out that mail.
Dan Mannix is one of the investment industry’s Young Turks but his contact book bulges with seasoned veterans.
The birth of his daughter was the zenith of his life.
I need to submit this assignment in two days’ time. I have to put pedal to the metal else I will miss the deadline.
All of us slept till late afternoon after we had a night out on the town and returned after dawn.
Before we begin with the discussion, I want to make sure that all of us are on the same page.
We have been on pins and needles since we got the news that she had been stranded in the hills amidst a landslide.
I will give you the information regarding what really happened, but strictly off the record.
Since it was his first offence, and a minor one at that, he was let off the hook with just a warning.
Their relationship started off on the wrong foot when they had a huge misunderstanding.
How do you expect all four of us to stay in that room? There’s no room to swing a cat in there.
The children asked whether they could all go out for a camping trip, but no dice, their parents refused.
I’ll get that job done in a New York minute if you give it to me.
The stock market has given me good returns and helped me build a nest egg for my retirement.
We are throwing a party for our friend Jeremy, but its a surprise, so don’t tell him anything about it. Mum’s the word.
He was a loose cannon and could not be risked in front of the press.
Does he know how to handle the situation? He has been running around all morning like a chicken with its head cut off.
These set of rules would provide a level playing field to all the competitors and all would have a fair chance of succeeding.
Lend me your ears, and I will tell you about my adventures in the mountains.
After the success of his first book, the author thanked his publisher, editor, and, last but not the least, his family.
It was a typical knee jerk reaction. He said no immediately without considering our proposal.
When he first came to the city, he earned barely enough to keep body and soul together.
I think this year’s election would be anyone’s call. Both the candidates seem to have an equally divided support base.
Unable to tolerate Jack’s in your face attitude anymore, his boss fired him from the job.
The model created a sensation when she posed for a magazine cover in the buff.
The lawyers searched every nook and cranny to find more evidence but alas, there was none.
The deal was finally in the bag after a few rounds of tough negotiations.
All the kids should be kept busy while you are away; idle hands are the devil’s tools.
Everyone expected him to do well in the exams. Getting first rank was the icing on the cake.
With corruption and malpractices everywhere, the political leadership seem to be going to hell in a handbasket.
He is usually very calm and does not lose his head in stressful situations.
Try not to rush through things, even though you are in a hurry. After all, haste makes waste.
I had a gut feeling that he had been lying, and sure enough, it was later proved that he had been.
The two of us had the same idea at the same time. Well, great minds think alike!
The beggar was lying shivering on the road when a good Samaritan came along and gave him a blanket and some warm clothes.
Realizing that they would be out of the competition if they lost this match, the players went for broke.
The joke he cracked went down like a lead balloon.
The police were on the criminal’s trail but in the end he managed to give them the slip.
I know you are bitter about losing that job, but try to get over it and find another one.
We have been chatting around for quite some time. Let’s get down to brass tacks and discuss what we are really here for.
He went from rags to riches after his roadside performances were noticed by a famous movie maker and he was offered roles in his movies.
She was foaming at the mouth when she heard of her child’s misdeeds.
When he could not get the man to agree with him, he flipped him the bird and went off cursing.
His initial good performances were a mere flash in the pan. Nowadays, he delivers only mediocre work.
The children had a field day when they were taken on a trip to the museum.
When he moved out of the house, he took along everything but the kitchen sink.
It was flu season and people in our office were dropping like flies.
With both teams being equally matched and putting up an exceptional display, the match was very exiting and went down to the wire.
I know you don’t like the dress very much, but it was a gift; you should not look a gift horse in the mouth.
When he started asking too many questions of his neighbours about their whereabouts during the weekend, they warned him that curiosity killed the cat.
When I wake up in the morning, the first thing I do is make myself a cup of joe.
I want to complete this report by today, come hell or high water.
When you get into trouble, usually your family will be the ones to bail you out, not your friends. After all, blood is thicker than water.
You did quite well for someone who was playing for the first time. You attempt for close, but no cigar.
Is the food ready yet? I am hungry and ready to chow down all you have got.
Will you please stop beating about the bush and get to the point?
Don’t try to explain the technicalities of how this machine works; it would be all Greek to me.
I heard he has threatened you with dire consequences if you don not stop that construction. Don’t worry, he is all bark and no bite.
They had a tough time selecting the team for the big match. In the end, it was a toss-up between having the most experienced players and having a youthful team full of raw energy.
You may not like your job, but don’t quit merely on the hope of finding a better one. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
When he finally asked her out, she readily accepted, and very soon they were dating on a regular basis.
I did not invite her because I did not want her to come to my party. End of story.
Chris and Jenny have been joined at the hip since they started dating each other a year ago. You would never see one without the other.
During the dog days of summer, people prefer to remain indoors and go out as little as possible.
The construction workers have a tough time out there, working continuously in the sweltering heat. It’s really hard cheese for them.
They had met in their salad days and had fallen in love. Naturally, the union did not last long and they separated a few years later.
The new actress in that movie is rumoured to be the love child of one of the most famous actors of the previous generation.
When Ted and Judy were living apart in different cities, he would write a letter to her every week and all the letters would be marked with SWAK, or sealed with a kiss, as a mark of how much he loved her.
Bob and Jill cannot get along together. There is no love lost between them.
He is prepared to do anything for her, go to any extent. He loves her to death.
Judy and I are in a long distance relationship and it is not easy staying away from each other. The course of true love never did run smooth.
I don’t think it is wise of Elsie and Ray to decide to get married so soon into their relationship. But then, one cannot love and be wise.
In order to go on a date with Elle, Paul tricked her into believing that her boyfriend was seeing another woman. Well, all’s fair in love and war.
John and Sally are frequently seen together nowadays. Are they an item?
Every morning, he dusted, cleaned and wound up the old grandfather clock that he had inherited as a family heirloom. It was truly a labour of love.
Jules and Nora are a match made in heaven. They love doing things together and cannot bear to be away from each other.
I heard you had a special date with Tom yesterday; so did he pop the question, then?
When Jim and Sam went on a double date with their girlfriends, they had a fun evening together.
It is obvious that Steve really loves Sarah, but she told me that he has not said those three little words yet.
Everyone was shocked when he walked out on his wife of fourteen years and their two beautiful children aged ten and seven.
Judy was devastated when her fiance did not turn up for their wedding and left her at the altar.
After having a heated argument the previous night, the young couple kissed and made up and decided to settle their differences amicably.
It was evident that he was in love with her. He wore his heart on his sleeve and you could see how he felt about her.
I think it would be unwise for you to be in a relationship with him; he is a known womanizer. Don’t let your heart rule your head.
I don’t see why he finds her attractive, I think she is downright ugly; but, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, as they say.
I really don’t understand why Mia likes Chris so much. He’s very selfish and inconsiderate; and doesn’t even treat her well. Well, love really is blind.
Sally and Bob had hardly known each other for a few months before they decided to get married, and now they are having big problems. Marry in haste, repent at leisure!
I heard Bill had an affair with his wife’s best friend! What a love rat he is!
Shannon is denying but I am quite sure that she had done something wrong, every picture tells a story.
After having a very stormy relationship for around two years, they decided to separate.
That corner store is a one stop shop for anyone looking for video games.
I know for certain that the appliance should not be handled this way but if I turn out to be wrong then I’ll eat humble pie.
I can’t tell you because you will not be able to keep schtum about it.
Their marriage was on the rocks as they couldn’t get along with each other anymore and were having huge arguments very frequently.
After years of being in an unhappy marriage and later going through an ugly divorce, they now can’t stand the sight of each other.
After having a blazing row with his wife, he stormed out of the room and banged the door behind him.
They have usually been very supportive of each other, but right now, their marriage is going through a bit of a rough patch.
They have been dating each other for quite some time now and are planning to tie the knot a few months from now.
Have you heard? Marge and Sam are getting hitched this weekend.
I had suspected all along that Jane’s affair with that man was just cupboard love. What she really liked about him was his big mansion and luxurious car.
You have whetted my appetite to go for another theatre performance after making me watch this one.
After a tiring week, I like to veg out in front of the television during the weekend.
Until the time his father was around to take care of him he was footloose and fancy free. Now things are very different.
After having spent most of his life being single, he finally found the love of his life at the ripe old age of fifty.
Most teenagers are quick to fall in love and expect it to last a lifetime, but of course it is puppy love and they soon fall out of it.
I’ve been meaning to get a hold of my friends from the US for quite a while. If I can manage to do that after the party, then I’ll go and chew the fat with them at our regular hangout.
It was rumoured that the boss was having an illicit love affair with one of his subordinates. Apparently, he had set up a love nest a few blocks away from the office where they met everyday after work.
You add two cups of water to the mix, heat it for five minutes and Bob’s your uncle, the soup is ready.
He has never worked hard for anything because he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. His parents brought everything to him instead.
If you are really able to climb that 8 feet wall by yourself then I’ll eat my hat.
I was taken aback when I saw that this place is as nice as ninepence.
She told me she wanted to become Miss Universe and I said, “If wishes were horses, beggars would ride“. How else was I to react to such an absurd thing?
He is completely smitten with love for her.
Jane was a very popular girl in her college and was surrounded by admirers, but she had eyes only for Steve.
That garment is completely worn out. Why don’t you just throw it away?
Tom and Mary are head over heels in love with each other and are going to get married next month.
We had gone for lunch with our boss and his wife, but it was pretty awkward with a couple getting lovey-dovey a couple of tables away from us.
The day that I started my journey towards my real career was a red-letter day for me.
The maid service in this area are no longer available at pin money. You have to shell out big bucks in order to get household help.
I think Charlie has fallen for Jenny. He is always trying to find reasons to be with her.
Kate and Jack have been going steady with each other for the past few years now.
My friend has the hots for the new girl who has recently joined his team.
A hissy fit is not justified just to get someone to listen to you. You have to be more mature than that.
I managed to save face by being able to speak about the topic, the presentation that was made was really not good.
It had been so long since we went on a vacation but this last month we decided to spend quality time with the family regardless.
Someone else in his position would lie low after having done what he did!
Sue and Rob had been going out with each other for five years before they finally decided to get married.
He feels he can paddle his own canoe now so wants to move out of his parent’s house.
Little kids are always as keen as mustard to learn new things around them.
I think Steve has a crush on our new English teacher; he always looks forward to her classes and even goes to ask questions after classes, though he doesn’t need to.
While we were driving down the road, a small shop selling beautiful potteries caught my eye.
My brother and his fiancee fell in love when they went for a camping trip together with a group of friends.
He kept harping on about something. I had stopped paying attention a long while back.
I will be there in a trice, stop calling me so often.
I don’t want a jot or tittle of it, I want the whole thing.
I have been living in this house since the year dot and know everyone in the vicinity by their first names.
Ask that old hat to keep out of my business. She has a lot to correct in her own life first.
I’d like to believe that a little birdie told you about my secret, but I know exactly who it was that let you in on it.
In order to earn their bread so many people now have to turn into night owls. The customer service industry thrives on 24*7 availability of people.
He is not shilly-shally about his plans to move to the United States of America.
For Sarah and Samuel, it was love at first sight, and they have now decided to get married.
You cannot believe everything he says since most of them are just tall stories.
He is the class clown with the constant talking and making fun of others.
She is a dead ringer of one of my friends. I in fact walked up to her at an event mistaking her for my friend.
I have to keep slapping his wrist away from the cake or there will be nothing left for the party.
Although the job does not pay very well, she is as happy as a clam there.
She is in remission now but the Chemo Therapy has left her as bald as a coot.
She is well read does not mean that she can go out on the streets and fend for herself. To be street smart is a requirement in what she wants to do.
After the event and how he behaved there, he was the laughing stock in school for days to come.
I do not believe in this mumbo jumbo, human life should be valued far more than some ritual that one is not willing to forego.
He is too long in the tooth to be working with 18 year old paired opposite him in movies.
She went home from the play all singing all dancing. It was one of the liveliest performances that she had ever witnessed.
The results are sure to be good this time since the exam was as easy as a pie.
Of course I care about her well-being, my sister is my flesh and blood after all.
We aren’t as wealthy as the Jones’ to eat so high on the hog.
She has been working here for 30 years and knows the ropes to getting anything done.
Today is only a dry run so we will not be using the actual costumes.
Her singing is so bad she has Van Gogh’s ear for music.
It’s a doozy of a painting, she is so creative.
That birthday party was super fun, all the children had a whale of a time there.
She clams up every time I walk in, it is worrisome.
When the student said that he was still not confident of the subject after a score of 80 on 100 in the test, the teacher knew that he was only fishing for a compliment.
The automobile turned turtle on the highway when the storm got too strong.
No matter what the situation is, you are always as calm as a toad in the sun. What is your secret in maintaining so much composure?
You should accept this job offer since this is your first job and that organization is a real basket case.
The squadron leader bugged the military man in order to find out if he was a spy for the enemy.
You need not know all the rules to understand that this kind of turbulent weather makes anyone on board go green around the gills. The cruise should have been stopped for a while.
I do not like it that you talk about people’s disabilities so often. You ought to use your loaf and understand that you may be hurting someone’s sentiments.
You should not go to study with him today. He seemed to be as sick as a dog according to his friends.
The restaurant on this weekend will be a hive of activities.
I was bug eyed looking at her wedding dress and jewelry. Her parents have gone over and above to see her happy.
When the auditor asked for more shreds evidence, the treasury department stirred up a Hornet’s nest because they did not have more. This is how the fraud was actually revealed.
He is such an innocent little child, he could not hurt a fly.
At any party that he goes, he drinks like a fish. His wife ought to control this if she can.
Now that he has financial difficulties he will realize that a penny saved is as good as a penny earned.
It was time for you to settle down at least five years back. You should find a place that you like and build a home there because a rolling stone gathers no moss.
He read about the procedure online and thought he doesn’t need the doctor to get it done. Now he will have to stay in the hospital far more than he might have in the first place, a little knowledge is indeed a dangerous thing.
Although they scored the last goal, that one miss was as good as a mile.
She is a strict mother and teaches her children to make a place for everything and have everything in place.
She wanted to go for the late night party so her friend made up a story about them getting together to study. Funny thing is that she had not said anything to her friend but a nod is as good as a wink between friends.
Her boss had just entered but she still went on break. This cat looks at the king on a daily basis.
Although there was no possibility of success he tried his hand at this interview to get a job because a downing man will even clutch at a straw.
He was very happy to work overtime today because he could go home half day on his anniversary. A little of what he wanted has done him good.
You should tip the reception staff to get a table sooner because a golden key can open any doors.
He has stood by her in all her troubled times. Usually a good man is hard to find but she has done quite well for herself.
He stayed with me throughout the time I was in the hospital, a friend in need is a friend indeed!
This is the right time to invest in Gold and Real Estate. It may turn out to be an X-Factor.
Even after she got the surgery done she was in pain for weeks. It was a fate worse than death.
You should not have broken up with her. You have never had it so good with anyone else.
When his dog died he cried for many days in the memory of his only best friend.
She is such a wonderful cook. The cakes that she bakes are dish fit for the gods!
How could he hurt her like that? He has always been so nice, talk about the call of the wild!
The money was never going to be deposited by him. He kept promising her and let her stay in that fool’s paradise for way too long.
If you have done something wrong, you have to face the music. There’s no escaping out of it.
That name rings a bell but I cannot recall where I have heard it before.
On Jane’s birthday her friends decided to pitch in and have a surprise party for her.
‘No matter how much you love your man, it is the diamond that lasts forever’, joked the girls at the brunch table.
That dress made her look fat, let’s call a spade a spade before she goes out wearing it and embarrasses herself.
Ruth scored the last goal for her team, adding a feather in her cap.
The Kangaroo court announced two years back that the family should be banished and the people in the village followed the judgement. To this day, nobody even talks to anyone in that family.
I wanted to have a meaningful conversation with him when he was back from work but he was gone before I could say Jack Robinson.
Do not speak to her in a rude tone, she is just going through some baby blues right now and needs compassion from you.
He had been trying to quit smoking since a year but couldn’t, so he decided to go cold turkey.
Just relax and sit tight, we’ll get the problem sorted for you.
The two enemy groups in the college this time came together for a fight with nothing but their bunch of fives.
No matter how confident the cheer-leading group is in carrying out the human pyramid gig, the team is only as strong as its weakest link.
As soon as they heard about the picnic – the children in the class gingered up.
The way he dressed for the event, he must be as mad as a hatter.
If you keep hanging out with the local goons then soon your name will be mud too.
Michelle was my best friend at the university. But over the years we’ve lost touch.
I don’t mind helping him out this time, he’s scratched my back many times.
I was at sea when he started discussing quantum physics during dinner.
You needn’t have all your money at stake in the share market, it is better to diversify.
He is bound to fail the exam again, a Leopard cannot change his spots after all.
The workers will need to form a union because a house divided against itself cannot stand.
Woody was cheated several times in his lifetime since a fool and his money are easily parted.
Hold your horses! We have not won yet, so don’t start celebrating.
This stagnant traffic and constant honking is driving me up the wall.
I did not want to attend the concert, but he twisted my arm into it.
The team was working against the clock to finish the project on time.
“Break a leg!” shouted the stage director to his actors before the beginning of the play.
He keeps trying to get his manuscripts published, but I think he is flogging a dead horse.
To stay healthy, it’s best to keep off junk food. You are what you eat.
The latest movie I watched was a tongue in cheek look at the way the media tends to over-hype certain pieces of news.
We used to have big disagreements some years back, but that’s all water under the bridge now. We get along fine.
Don’t worry about what he said. He’s just pulling your leg.
As a rule of thumb, I do not start a new project on Fridays.
When he made that offer, I smelt a rat. It sounded too good to be true.
My sister is the spitting image of my mother.
We can keep on arguing about this till the cows come home, but it won’t solve anything.
The politician was over the top with his speech. Everything he said was exaggerated.
Have you heard? The old man down the street has kicked the bucket.
The cops always kept an eye on the top trouble makers of the city to ensure that the festival period are not affected.
It’s such a bad day today. If it’s not one thing, it’s the other!
People tend to get set in their ways as they grow older.
He’s still new in his job; give him some time to find his feet.
We haven’t got all day for this discussion. Let’s cut to the chase.
I hate my job but cannot quit owing to my economic condition. I’m stuck between a rock and a hard place
I had no contact with him since school, and I bumped into him at a friend’s party! It’s a small world.
He’s always picking up fights with everyone. He seems to have a chip on his shoulder.
The media jumped the gun and gave out their verdict of the scandal even before the investigation was complete.
Judy was over the moon when Tim proposed to her.
I have an exam tomorrow, I need to hit the books tonight.
His workplace is a stone’s throw away from his home.
Honesty demands that you tell the truth about what happened, and let the chips fall where they may.
His wife was tickled pink when he sent her flowers and gifts at work for no reason.
This new has has such an interesting story and an amazing ending that it just blew me away.
I have heard that my ex is going through another break-up, but I couldn’t care less.
The company had put a lot of trust on him, but he sold them out by leaking confidential information to the competitors.
After two nights of continuous work, I’m running on fumes today.
When it comes to weaker students, the teacher goes the extra mile to help them understand.
Our company is going through tough times, but we’re hanging in there; things will surely work out.
The government came out swinging against the oppositions charges of corruption during the debate.
Even if you don’t agree with your boss’ ideas, don’t shoot from the hip. It won’t augur well for your growth.
Though the impression is that all government officials are corrupt, some of them are quite honest; its not fair to tar them with the same brush.
The company went down in flames after reports came out that it had been financing illegal activities.
I know he is not up to the mark right now but let’s cut him some slack. He’s new to this environment and needs time to adjust.
The chief of security said that his team would leave no stone unturned in nabbing the miscreants.
If you want to know which one is the best of these movies, well, your guess is as good as mine.
I know its difficult to get over your loss, but try to pull yourself together and get on with life.
The team was losing till almost the end, but suddenly, it pulled a rabbit out of its hat and won the contest in the dying minutes.
We managed to complete the project on time by the skin of our teeth.
I wouldn’t be caught dead wearing shoes like that. They are so old fashioned.
She is the love of my life. For her, I’ll go the whole nine yards.
What you heard is true. I know since I heard it straight from the horse’s mouth.
I’m tired of him always finding faults with me. I’m going to give him a taste of his own medicine.
They all worked together on the project, but while submitting it, one of them stole the thunder.
We were huddled together in our lunch table, talking about our boss, when he walked in. Well, speak of the devil!
A whole raft of techniques was used during the presentation in the annual meeting.
Both of them parted off rags with each other after a misunderstanding between them due to the other person.
She’d been bearing bad behavior from her employee and thought it was time to read him the riot act.
Amid the sorrow her son had been a real ray of sunshine.
With the number of silly remarks he comes up with, I wonder if he’s not playing with a full deck.
A good presentation should contain more of graphics and less of text, since a picture is worth a thousand words.
I’m not as dumb as you think; don’t try to pull the wool over my eyes.
Though they work as a team, they often don’t see eye to eye on most issues.
Has he decided which offer he is going to accept or is he still sitting on the fence?
cut a long story short
The discounted price sale ended today and I just missed the boat on making a great deal.
You may be thinking that I have gone crazy, but there’s a method to my madness.
Kids in my class were all ears when I was telling them the story.
It was ensured by the police that both the parties adhered to the Queensberry rules during their hearing session in the high court.
Their duty requires most of the soldiers to be on the qui vive at the Siachen of Kashmir India battlefield.
I have been racking my brain all day trying to think of place where I kept my car keys.
He is been living at rack and manger since the time he joined his new job as a manager.
As Eliza was in good spirits that morning, Andy decided not to bring up the argument they had last night. It was best to let sleeping dogs lie.
I have to go to the bank, and on the way back, I’ll pick up the groceries as well, killing two birds with one stone.
A working woman in our country has to constantly perform a balancing act between excelling in her career and taking care of the family.
Don’t blame me for the argument. It takes two to tango! You are equally responsible.
Stephen hit the nail on the head when he said that what the company was lacking in was clear vision and focus.
He really didn’t mean what he said about you. He said it in the heat of the moment.
That job did no good to me. I washed my hands of it few months back and joined another one.
The board was placed near the manhole to warn off the kids from playing there.
It’s was a long journey from Delhi to Australia so I thought I would make a virtue of necessity and write some articles that had to be submitted to the magazines.
I got my friend a good position in my company and all he did is convinced my manager to get him the designation I had in the project. He was no more than a viper in my bosom.
The apartment they live in now is a far cry from the huge mansion they once used to have.
I heard on the grapevine that he was being promoted, but I don’t know anything further.
I did not go to work today, as I was feeling a bit under the weather.
It would be better if you applied to several companies instead of just one; don’t put all your eggs in one basket.
After the company had posted losses for the third consecutive year, the board decided to replace all of its top management. After all, drastic times call for drastic measures.
I watched your performance at the theater today. My advice is don’t give up your day job.
My neighbor had applied for the post of architect in a big project, but did not cut the mustard.
I agree with what you say, but I’ll play devil’s advocate so that we can cover all the possibilities that may arise.
Before committing to make the payment, wait till you receive the money from the bank. Don’t count your chickens before they hatch.
Recently a party was hosted in the city where all the tall poppies were invited to raise charity for clean shelters in suburbs.
He often works in tandem with an engineer, one coding for the website and the other taking care of website design.
The announcement of chief guest’s arrival at the school annual function was timed to a T.
I want to sleep. Stop disturbing me by your monkey business.
I hate this flower vase so much, some day I might drop it accidentally on purpose.
The presidential candidate’s provocative speech in these violent times is only going to add fuel to the flames.
I cannot stand my relatives being backseat driver to me.
The candidate did not look very intelligent, but you can’t judge a book by its cover.
This book cannot be an academic one nor can it be a popular commercial one; it falls between two stools.
Atheists find one way or the other to take God’s name in vain.
The officer is retiring from his job next month, soon he will be a yesterday’s man.
If you want to start teaching English to grown-up kids, you need to be up on it else you’re going to be unable to clarify their doubts.
All the artists in their initial phase of career were on their uppers. They have struggled enough to reach this level of success.
Reservation system was developed to help the needy. Now it has become privilege for the society therefore even the upper crust are demanding reservation these days.
Businessman, entrepreneurs, Uncle Tom Cobley and all had been invited to the Real Estate Awards function in the city last month.3
No sooner had Japanese recovered from the late unpleasantness, a massive volcanic eruption took place destroying huge no. of lives & property.
Some people think they’ve turned into an ugly duckling whereas the truth is they are & look the same as they used to in their childhood.
I started learning tennis after having tried swimming because variety is the spice of life.
I shall not leave my parents during their vale of years.
Kids like to have their grandparents spin a yarn for them.
Many companies went belly up during the great inflation.
You must save your breath by not asking this generation to keep their cell phones at rest.
You should have no truck with those few in your class. They are just trying to misuse your trait of helping others.
The invention of internet has changed the way we live; it is the best thing since sliced bread.
“If you decide to live here you get the greenery of the countryside and the amenities of urban life. Its the best of both worlds, really.”
“You always speak of the importance of charity, but never do anything. Actions speak louder than words!”
The company rejected his application for a job, and to add insult to injury, refused to pay his expenses.
“You have been quiet for a while, a penny for your thoughts.”
The issue of gun control is a political hot potato in the United States.
With our boss on leave, most of us worked banker’s hours for the whole week.
My grandfather is 90 years old, but he is as fit as a fiddle.
Reena was depressed to be confined to bed after her surgery, but over time, when she could spend a lot of time with her family and catch up with old friends, who came to visit her, she realized that every cloud has a silver lining.
I was the only person at the dinner party without a date. I felt like a third wheel.
When their friends came for a visit, they took them to the bar and liquored them up.
Have a painkiller – it’ll take the edge off the pain your in hand.
The new measures seem to have worked, but it’s early days yet and the Reserve Bank of India Governor would rather not make any comment about the country’s economy.
My sister learned to play the piano by ear when she was a child.
Rather than adopting a new academic strategy, the principal decided to play it by ear.
If nothing seems to be working, just pray to the God, sometimes that does the trick.
We will have to plan our strategy to deal with the rising incident of theft.
After the supervisor was suspended, many workers felt that he got his just deserts.
After the scuffle, the man who was affronted left in high dudgeon.
The checks for the charity are coming in dribs and drabs.
My sister dropped a bombshell by announcing she was discontinuing her study for a job.
Boss fired me from the job and I lost my wallet too, what a double whammy?
We were asked to be there at five on the dot.
She suddenly had a strong sense of déjà vu.
A cut in interest rates on housing loans can lift the property market out of the doldrums.
She decided not to take the family dispute to court as she feared it would only lead to a lot of washing of dirty linen in public.
The earthquake and the drought left the region in dire straits for a long time.
Please do not just turn a deaf ear to their cries for help.
She threw dust in the eyes of the jeweler by pretending to be a well-to-do lady, and then stole the jewellery.
In the capital’s well-to-do suburbs, hiring a security guard has become a must for every family.
Its quite a useful book, but luckily I could buy it dirt cheap at a junk shop.
Bob is intelligent and trustworthy but lacks sophistication. He is a rough diamond.
Most of the survivors of the airplane crash are still at death’s door.
These days babies are normally fed on demand.
English is de facto the common language of much of the world today.
The president aims to create a de jure one-party state.
As the things were not going well for her at work, she was feeling a bit down in the dumps.
Her cry was only a single drop in the ocean compared to the billions of tears shed by mourners after the war.
We now have a situation where laws are bent at the drop of a hat.
She arrived at the reception dressed to kill.
Never in my wildest dreams did I think she’d abandon her father.
It all depends on your concept of fiction and where you draw the line between fact and fiction.
Fixing that old car is just money down the drain, it will never run properly again.
After losing his work, he found himself down and out.
The best thing about having a house in this society is that all the popular eating joints are right at our doorstep.
I had dotted all the i’s and crossed the t’s, so I wondered why my application was rejected.
The deal is done for I am not going to speak with that man again.
Have you recently seen their car? It has truly gone to the dogs.
Now, I am dog-tired after three days of the journey.
Don’t try to throw my brother to the wolves. I’ll tell you the facts about the entire issue.
Stop being such a dog in the manger and let your sister ride your bike if you’re not using it.
The only rule of the marketplace was dog-eat-dog.
In the back of the guide, there’s a list of the dos and don’ts of local etiquette.
A do-or-die attempt to halt the invaders.
My boss treats all his employees like dirt.
Don’t let the difficulties intimidate you; keep your chin up.
The minister came a cropper as soon as she was elected. Hence she was transferred from her ministry and given something else to do in the cabinet.
Adventure and traveling based reality shows are now outdated and a dime a dozen.
The businessman was digging heels about buying these stocks even though all of his business partners were against it. They finally had to give him his way.
She doesn’t want to retire – she’d rather die in harness.
I don’t like what the new management has done, but give the devil his due, sales have improved.
You will go on a date with my sister over my dead body!
Teaching difficult students might sound like a nightmare to other people but to teachers it is all in a day’s work.
After second heart attack, she decided it would be best to follow her doctor’s advice and call it a day.
You never can tell, some dark horse many come along and win a House of Lords seat.
The rain today put a damper on the picnic plans.
In order to keep the peace Peter has to dance to his wife’s tune.
The two schools have been at daggers drawn for months. Ever since they played in the championship game.
She is very down to earth person, not at all attracted by the glamour world.
Good luck with your test tomorrow. I’ll have my fingers crossed.
After watching this film, the audience realized that making comedy movies was out of the depth of this director.
The political party is in deep water after it was discovered that their candidate had lied in the report.
Their son does not give a damn about their health. His ill habits are costing the entire family now.
The only issue of being related to a celebrity is that the camp followers never leave you alone.
The waiter asked us to come on and get the table before the people who had reserved it would arrive. Big tips do work!
The negative political climate in America seems to have come to a head.
I’d like to have a new farmhouse, but it may cost me an arm and a leg.
I have been preparing for this presentation for the last six months. This promotion will be a cinch for me.
Things have come to such a pretty pass that nowadays parents are afraid of advising their children.
He chokes up every time someone brings up the topic of their sudden movement to a new country. Perhaps there is a story behind it that we do not know about.
If you want to get a new licence you will have to go through the proper channels. Otherwise it will not be legal.
He roams around all night with his head in the clouds.
He has cashed in on the estate that his father created. I do not believe he has anything to call his own out there.
The children of the crème de la crème crowd go to this school. Needless to say that it is among the costliest in town.
Stella’s plan was rotten to the core, it would not work in today’s world.
The rules in our school are cut and dried. Everyone is expected to follow them.
The waiter could not understand what I was saying and kept repeating “come again” every time I named a dish to be ordered.
The teacher told us to work hard in our education to be in a clover in the future.
The current prime minister thinks it is a joke to volte face on the plans that he announces publicly.
I do not like my sister’s new husband, and vice versa.
The board members in the annual meeting witnessed the company’s shareholders venting their spleen over them as they were angry.
The store has taken a quantum leap from where it was and seems to be headed strongly in the right direction.
She wants to practice law because it is a quote – respected – unquote – field. 
He queered my pitch by asking for promotion before I did.
If you are an early bird, you know that watching the sunrise is how breathtaking.
The family’s meeting on property dispute begins today and I’m just sitting down with a cup of coffee, enjoying the calm before the storm.
The man is not sure if he has it in him to appreciate the cut and thrust of such a huge organisational business.
The little boy had cried wolf so many times that when he was really sick no one believed him.
The nearest hotel is about 24 kilometers away as the crow flies.
I won a lot of money at the casino last night but lost it on my way out. Oh well, easy come, easy go.
The planning board of the finance division constantly meets behind closed doors, in case its negotiations become known in advance.
All candidates will be informed of our decision in due course.
It is usually the close circle of celebrities who are in the cahoots with the paparazzi. This is how celebrity outings are caught on tape so often.
The prisoner has been awarded the death penalty is cooling his heels until the President evaluates if mercy can be sanctioned.
The lady has come to pass that she will be in labour soon.
The family always chimes in with the others so they never feel like they have joined the social network from out of town.
The building caved in by itself after being erect for almost 70 years.
The guy has carte blanche over who works and who does not in this company.
She was afraid that if she wore spectacles to her school, the other kids would call her names.
I am trying to cut down on sugar this month. I would like to lose some weight before going on holiday.
She has a habit of making off-the-cuff remarks which she later denies.
Her uncle is so rich that she feels compelled to curry favor with him lest she does not get mentioned in the will!
It is certainly not a sensible move to cut corners with national security.
The race started right on cue. It was indeed enthralling to watch.
The whole country has taken up the cudgels for the two men accused of breaking into the school.
This music is much more my cup of tea than this new stuff.
The opposition party was in full cry in the parliament yesterday to ensure that the changes proposed by the government are not passed as legislation.
The music band comprising engineering students is currently on the crest of a wave, with a launch of new album it has planned for next year.
The laundry man better get cracking with our clothes else we will miss the event.
The custom’s officer recognised the man from a wanted poster and blew his cover right out.
It is not good to start counting your chickens when you do not even have the cash to start your own venture.
My younger sister is a great couch potato; she can watch TV 24 hours a day.
The mother wrapped the child up in cotton wool as if it would protect him from all the dangers of the world.
There he stood, cool as cucumber and totally oblivious to the violence that had shattered the very fabric of the society.
The man ate food at the buffet to his heart’s content. He seemed really happy as he left for home.
He got cold feet when heard the news of his transfer to remote area of the country which is hundreds of miles from his home town.
I trusted her blindly, but when I was in need too much and called her for help, she showed her true colors.
It is not nice to pour cold water on someone’s plan when you do not want to be a part of it in the first place.
She was, to coin a phrase, as clever as fox.
The luxury transport industry is under a cloud at the moment after newspapers revealed that many indulged in illegal activities.
She started to tell some cock and bull story to the police officers about how she found a huge bag containing 5 pounds of gold.
She’s been on cloud nine since she heard the news of her engagement.
He was in his late teens when he came out of the closet.
The forecasters are predicting of making a clean sweep for the ruling party in the approaching election.
The guy came clean after the police had started their investigation about the robbery.
The counselor has been working round the clock with patients. His dedication has been acknowledged by the hospital through this award.
A small increment after two years is cold comfort.
The criminal has completed his sentence and has come out as a clean slate.
This is the dirtiest hotel that I have ever slept in! It is this room or out on the street, it’s Hobson’s choice.
strike a note; strike the note
She spends the little money that she earns on social work and neglects her own family, forgetting that charity begins at home.
The caretaker threw caution to the winds when taking the baby out of the house even though he was already sick.
The call-back of the military and troops from Afghanistan shows a change of heart by the British government.
I couldn’t start my own business until I have got money, and I couldn’t get the money until I start my own business, oh my God, this is the real Catch-22 situation.
She keeps talking about her big-time ambitions, but it’s all castles in the air.
Aren’t you putting the cart before the horse in decorating your new office? You haven’t even been awarded the job yet.
He said the carrot and stick approach is in effective when it comes to management.
He did not just leave his house. He had a card up his sleeve that he did not even reveal to his family, which was his new flat in a posh locality.
The work is almost entirely in the can if only he can convince the managing directors to give him a raise now.
These books are selling like hotcakes.
We shared, cared and cheered until we were at the crack of dawn.
The best detective from the police department is on the case and we will be hearing about the culprit being nabbed very soon now
The can of worms was wide open when he asked her about her past.
The meal was absolutely delicious but now I am bursting at the seams.
The argument was quite wonderful in his opinion but I beg to differ. I never enjoy political debates.
The employees were in the black until the management wrapped up the entire business.
The accountant closed the books and that was the end of your 40 year old favourite sweet shop.
The girl was betwixt and between which of her parents to choose during the divorce trial.
I will not be going to the party. By the way, I do not like him too much.
His car broke down.
The family is better off without this guy who respects nobody and thinks that he is the centre of the universe at all times.
The college students these days have many buzz words that their parents do not understand.
A non-governmental organization is engaged in building bridges between different communal groups in the city.
The most successful officers are not those who always go by the book but use their initiative.
They hope the new manufacturing unit on the small town’s outskirts will open up the doors for many more blue-collar jobs.
The man has a real bee in his bonnet in trying to find out about how people would react in this situation.
John is after blood who damage his car in the parking.
Initially, the lockdown during the pandemic was bitter medicine for all.
I always knew that someday my life would flip and I would make it big.
The books by this author always give me a belly laugh.
The younger sibling never takes a beating even if they have done the mischief. It is always the older child who is blamed.
I have done everything for her, but she left me because of that guy, she stabbed in my back.
The social parties in this area are just meant for old ladies to gather around and bad-mouth everyone who did not show up. I would never go for one.
She meant business when she said that she will take the number one position in the tennis world.
The man kept hiding his light under a bushel even though the whole neighbourhood is aware of his cleanliness initiatives for the society.
The minister was warned not to venture into this sort of a contract. If he wants to burn his fingers in spite of that then he may continue.
At bottom she is her father’s daughter. No matter how much the family curses him, she will always be on his side.
Susan might look young, but she was not born yesterday. She is not going to fall for your lies.
The text on this website is bona fides, always.
The new student is very arrogant because his blood is blue.
She moves out nearly every year; she’s a true bird of passage.
He had butterflies in his stomach as he walked out onto the stage for his dance performance.
The client has been given a commitment, we cannot turn back on the project now even if it means working for extra hours.
The two international rivals shook hands and agreed to let bygones be bygones.
I am trying to complete my assignment by the weekend and am as busy as a bee. Could we rather meet up next week?
The assignment is on the back burner while I concentrate on writing this play.
It is very very hard assignment, and I had to burn the midnight oil to get it completed on time.
Jone decided to take the bull by the horns and organise things for himself.
The president has been attacking foreign ministers and even the people in his own party like a bull in a china shop. This has not only led to a lot of criticism but people have started alienating from him.
She has already burned his bridges with his previous employer by publicly criticizing their marketing policy.
The family has borne the brunt of his misdeed for a very long time. I think they should be excused now.
The person depends on you for his bread and butter, how can you be so thoughtless?
The team always thinks outside the box to come up with unique advertisements for all its clients.
She makes no bones about his feelings towards the protestors.
The sudden uprising in many parts of the country was utterly a bolt from the blue for the ministry.
The speaker said that everyone should make an effort towards the protection of the environment, as everyone was in the same boat, and climate changes would have dire consequences for all.
Why are you blowing hot and cold simultaneously? Tell me clearly whether you want to go with it, or not.
The earthquakes hits once in a blue moon in this part of the earth, we never felt it.
The company management feels that the new blood should be used to find process improvement ideas because they can provide a third person perspective to our processes.
This politician, who looks so successful and empathetic now has the blood of many people on his hands from the time that riots took place under his orders.
As I am the new kid on the block I know that I will have to work hard to prove myself.
Losing that job turned out to be a blessing in disguise for him as it forced him to plunge into business.
American scientists blazed a trail for preventing Coronavirus in 2020.
The bank manager will question you on why you need such a big amount as loan. You have to be confident in your answers and for heaven’s sake do not draw a blank at that time.
Bank demanded in submit the proposal in black and white.
I have always been the black sheep of my family. Everyone else has responsible jobs while I have chosen to be an artist.
I had to bite my tongue when Peter said that he was hard-working.
By accepting two part-time jobs, he is clearly biting off more than he can chew.
The strategies of the state government are not perfect but the people should not bite the hand that feeds them since many lucrative policies have been brought about by this government for the common people.
The soldier bit the dust after a very long fight and even at that he managed to take many enemy soldiers with him.
Winning a scholarship is no big deal for him.
After the accident, there were bits and pieces of the wreckage spread all over the road.
The fact is that he did not realise that a bird in the hand was worth more and went after having an extra marital affair. Now he neither has his wife nor his girlfriend.
It was a splendid party and I’m glad that I don’t have to foot that particular bill.
The person who claims he fills the bill for the role of such an important office should at least be decent with his communication on social networks. This guy is not worth the people’s while.
My experiment was a failure, so I’m back to the drawing board.
The guy is among the big cheeses in the region and his word rules.
The big tiger bides time until the zebra had to make its way to the water fountain and then struck.
The government has clarified beyond a shadow of doubt that the people who have been evading taxes so far will be caught very soon.
The man has seen many troubled times and is determined to give the better of days to his children.
I think a two-bedroom flat would suit us but I’d better confirm it with my better half.
All of us have been waiting for you for two hours – but better late than never.
The sun was shining so he made the best of his day and went to the beach with his family.
The shot that he took at him was completely below the belt. Decent people do not compete like this.
I have had to tighten my belt since I lost my job at the ice cream factory.
The announcer announced the last number with bated breath which made the audience very anxious of the result.
Once I realized that John was going to be at the party, I beat a hasty retreat.
The scientists were able to keep the disease at bay with the help of modern medicine.
It was a very sensitive case and yet for over one year the investigators kept barking up the wrong tree.
The documentary was bang on the subject of female foeticide.
If the current Prime Minister wins the election again, nobody can save our country from becoming a banana republic.
The team had a ball at the corporate event. Rarely are such parties so interesting for the employees.
The agency was given to him because he slid into the contract through the back door.
The dam was on the brink of pouring over when the officials decided to open the gates and let the water out.
We think that there may be too many people to fit into the hall, but we will cross that bridge when we come to it. 
The Government and the State Bank spent years strengthening the nation’s economy but the recession and slowdown shattered it, so we are back to square one.
The murderer will not get away with it, the news anchor said. She assured the audiences that the police will get to the bottom of it all.
He always managed to be in the good books of the bosses, surprised one and all.
A serious bone of contention between the landowners and the developers was the compensation price for the land.
The company expected the deal to be cleared above board and at the fastest pace possible.
Out of the blue, a deer came in front of my car.
As a police officer, you cannot turn a blind eye to any of the illegal activities around you.
That office gives hell to its employees because the boss is mean guy.
Let’s give her the benefit of the doubt and assume that she is right.
You seem to be in a very bad temper today. Did you get out on the wrong side of the bed?
Banks are bending over backwards to provide facilities to the depositors.
The ball was rolling when he struck that first conversation with her, she could not refuse his proposal knowing how charming he really was!
The teacher did not mean it in a bad way but the student felt insulted at being asked to explain anyway.
After my boss made my life difficult for ten years, he finally left the company. I was glad to see the back of him.
As an aside; does anyone want to play chess?
It is all up with now finding some good crane operator, they couldn’t have survived so long in these conditions.
I haven’t seen you in ages – you look different.
The toddler gave a blow-by-blow account of the activity to his mother. It was very endearing to listen to it.
The sound as well as picture quality are best on this TV screen.
The car as well as the bike need a mechanic for maintenance to keep it running well.
“As to your query about passport status, she will present the necessary papers next Monday.”
The car will keep running as long as you take good care of it.
The meeting stands dissolved now. As for the agenda, I am happy to make the decisions all by myself.
I was sitting in the park when, all of a sudden, it started raining heavily.
These species are familiar after all.
The horrible weather accounted for more than 20 percent absenteeism at work today.
According to the news channel, this robbery took place in the night whereas the police are stating that it happened during the day.
I was about to come to you for advice when you called me.
As a matter of fact, I told her just yesterday about how they tease her child in school and how he is bullied by the bigger kids.
This fair has many sculptures and paintings that are avant-garde.
An ad hoc committee was formed to address health insurance problems.
The comedian has to make an ass of himself every time he gets on stage. He is truly the modern day joker.
This couple always walks arm in arm. It is very sweet to see a subtle display of affection these days.
Susan is a very smart girl but the fact that she gives herself airs about her job makes me like her a little less.
He should not become the chairman of the committee as he has too many axes of his own to grind.
It is blistering hot outside, I could really do with an iced cold glass of Adam’s ale.
I like to keep my office colleagues at arm’s length outside of office. I don’t want them in my personal life.
The Jones’ have been in the ascendant ever since the 1800’s. They are now the most influential family in the United Kingdom, after the Queen’s own of course.
The alleged tax-defaulter was ready for all their questions, and armed to the teeth with proof of his innocence.
Most people in this city don’t own a car – they just rent one as and when they need it.
My mom was up in arms about the new salary cuts rumoured to be put in place.
It is not easy for criminals to escape the long arm of the law in a developed country like United Kingdom.
The government finally agreed to give the new pension policy its seal of approval.
She has three children, but her youngest son is the apple of her eye.
The right to host the next Olympic games has become an apple of discord between the two countries.
The young students just can’t sit still; they must have ants in their pants.
The government has upped the ante by refusing to negotiate with the ultras until a ceasefire has been agreed.
When the police arrived, they were confronted with a group of protesters running amuck in the lanes of the old town.
I don’t want all and sundry to come to know about our differences.
He had to learn the alpha and omega of the subject before he could even begin his research.
She hadn’t met her younger sister after her marriage and was delighted to see her alive and kicking at a social event last weekend.
In the blink of an eye, the robber disappeared from the bank with a bag full of cash.
The improvement is seen across the board, with all divisions either recording profits or reducing losses.
After years of experimentation with colors and strokes, his painting has come of age.
The official was asked to get his act together if he wanted to keep his post.
The country needs a political leader who is a man of action
He played well in the last match, but the acid test will come when the team plays the stronger opponents.
The corrupt minister is regarded as the government’s Achilles heel and is expected to resign.
The managing director of the company didn’t have to be asked to resign – he went of his own accord.
We were all quite taken aback by his decision to retire from upcoming football tournament.
Steve Job’s latest book tell the story of his from A to Z.
The future of the project is up in the air as the management has failed to finalize the budget.
I’m afraid I cannot tell you the account balance as the system is out of action.
She may not be brilliant, but all in all I think she did quite well in her exams.
They had a huge misunderstanding, but decided to clear the air by sitting together and discussing things frankly.
I hope my teacher will take into account the fact that I was ill just before the examination when he evaluates my test paper.
My little son now has started learning ABC in school.
She deceived him when he lost everything in his life, now again when he is rich man, she approached him to get together and shedding crocodile tears.